 Hello everyone, welcome to Bald Guy Money. And this week was big for gold and silver because not only did both metals confirm weekly closes above the double top highs of late December that many technical analysts on both YouTube and X were saying mark the top of the gold and silver bull run. But they actually blew right through those levels, setting new highs with plenty of technical and fundamental momentum behind them, proving that the index exercise we did last week was correct and the double tops were just a pause before the next move up. Now, what's really spectacular about this move is the momentum because silver, despite giving up some of its gains at the end of the week, was still up more than $10 per ounce on the week. Something that has only happened in two other weeks since 1971, putting its gains at nearly 200%. So, tripling in price in only the last 12 months, while gold is up 71% over the same period of time and getting ready to make its move to $5,000 an ounce, while the S&P 500, which has been the story for some time now, lags behind, up only 20% in the last year. And this is happening as gold and silver assert their dominance as the two largest assets by market cap, not including bonds or real estate in line with my promises from 2024 and 2025 when I said they would take the one and two positions on this list. And this is happening despite the S&P 500 being at all-time highs and despite a major speculative bubble in tech and AI. Now, with gold and silver ready to break out to even higher highs, it's important we discuss how they get there. So, in this video, I want to talk about what happened for gold and silver in 2011 and why it hasn't happened yet in 2026. Then I want to show you all what kinds of price moves to expect using my foreign currency benchmarking technique to compare those levels with the cycle top highs I shared with you all in 2024 and 2025 to manage your expectations with respect to price moving forward. And we'll finish on a very serious note covering how the situation in the metals market may lead to desperate moves not only by banks but by national governments. And I want you all to know what to expect moving forward and how this will impact the value of your gold and silver. So, please be sure to watch to the end for that. Now, just before we dive in, please check out summitmetals.com for great prices on gold American Eagles and other great gold products from around the world. And please give them some consideration before gold makes its move to $5,000 an ounce. And while you're there, new customers get 5 ounces of silver at spot. Link to that is in the video description below. And if you're selling, which I am not, but if you are, they are buying gold and silver right now at prices very close to spot. So get in touch with them to get a fair price when you sell at summitals.com. So, jumping in, last week I told you all that December was not the top of the metals market, and I used indexing to show you all exactly how different the December 2025 highs were versus the 1980 and 2011 highs. So, there was no guesswork involved. It was using numbers to illustrate what was different. And what I said was that talk about the Bloomberg commodity index rebalancing was just nonsense brought to you by the mainstream financial media and the big banks that own them to keep you out of physical gold and silver. And the reason I mention this is because many people are now comparing these latest moves for gold and silver to the 2011 blowoff top. And the first thing you need to know about the 2011 blowoff top is that it was triggered by panic. We had just come out of the global financial crisis and by 2009 we were facing yet another crisis as high debt levels in Europe started to cause problems in the international bond market. And what I can say about then versus today is that we haven't experienced such a panic yet. But when we do, and mark my words, it will happen. It's going to be a lot worse than it was in the period between 2009 and 2011. And the reason I say that is because where China played a major role in stabilizing the global financial system in 2008 by purchasing hundreds of billions of dollars worth of US debt. That level of global cooperation and coordination is a thing of the past. China is actively selling US debt today and holes in the Western system are going to be filled by freshly printed banknotes and electric dollars that we know the Federal Reserve as of December 2025 is already creating. Now, in addition to that, no matter what side of these arguments you fall on, it's clear that the world is in a more adversarial place than it was back in 2011. Number one, the risks of war remain high. A worldwide battle over resources is raging and global economic uncertainty driven by tariffs, which we got another taste of yesterday as the Trump administration escalates its pressure on Europe to get control of Greenland. These are all things investors struggle with. And ultimately, just as we saw in 2025, it drives metals prices up. and we're getting even larger doses of that in 2026. This is not going away. Now, the second and probably most obvious reason we are nowhere near the top for gold and silver is because as opposed to 1980 and 2011, US interest rates are still on their way down. And something you must absolutely know about gold and silver prices and cycle tops is that they never happen until after interest rates reach their low. And with some market observers expecting as many as three or four more rate cuts in the United States in 2026. Let me say once again, we are not at the top for gold and silver. This is not 2011. And if anything, where I used to say we are somewhere between 2003 and 2006 for gold and silver, I think it's fair to say, considering the latest gains we've seen on metals, that we're somewhere between 2006 and 2007, nearing the end of the first wave up for gold and silver, but still with the biggest moves for metals ahead of us when measured in US dollar terms. As the US dollar prepares to make its next big move down due to inflationary pressures from the Federal Reserve, which is already printing money, high levels of geopolitical uncertainty driving more dilization, not less of it, and a guarantee of more US interest rate cuts in the future. And as the next move down for the US dollar happens, we are going to see moves up for gold and silver prices that mirror what has happened in other western and western aligned countries like Australia, Canada, and Japan, which is an example I've shown you all before, where gold prices have already increased by 258% and more versus the 2011 highs where they have only increased by 152% when measured in US dollars. And in the case of silver, which has had a spectacular rise in US dollar price over the past 12 months, as I've said, it's almost tripled in price. It is only up 88% versus the 2011 highs where it's already achieved an increase of between 177% and 266% in the benchmark countries of Australia, Canada, and Japan versus the 2011 highs they experienced in those countries in their respective currencies. And that means as the foreign reality continues to become an American reality, gold and silver prices still have a lot of catching up to do versus where they are in the rest of the world. And we should be looking for gold to reach $7,500 an ounce and silver to move above $150 an ounce. And that could happen as soon as this year with lots of up and down movement along the way. I'm not saying there's not going to be any volatility as we move towards my cycle top goals for gold and silver that I first presented in 2024, which were at $11,800 an ounce for gold and $25 an ounce for silver, at which point I'm warning you all that I would expect a pause and some price consolidation from there. So, if you're in metals today, what I want to say is hold on tight to what you have. And if you're new, don't be discouraged by the latest moves. Stay on a buying schedule because there's a lot of room for gold and silver to move up still and unlimited room for dollars, euros, yen, and other fiat currencies around the world to move down. So, please remember that. Now, just before we get to the topic of purchase controls on gold and silver and how they will impact the market, please remember that if you've decided to sell some of your gold or silver because you're worried about a pullback or you just wanted to sell some because it's gone up so much, please consider converting some of that cash into other hard assets like land, which you can buy easily and affordably from channel partner landofland.com. With lots starting right around $1,000 in both rural and developed areas, Land of Land can help you find something that suits your needs and budget. They accept credit cards for payment and they deliver the title deed to you quickly. And if you'd like a little guided help in selecting the right lot for you, call them at the number on the screen or just check out their website at landofland.com. And remember that by using code bald guy, you get $300 off your purchase to buy something the Federal Reserve cannot print. So, moving on to this video's viewer question, and it comes from Aaron Fulps, and he wants to know, "What happens if the big banks that are short silver, so betting against the price of silver and currently getting totally destroyed by the way, what happens if they get a bailout from the government?" And I'm going to use this opportunity to do a deep dive into what is happening not only to answer the question from Aaron, but to show you all how critical the situation is, not only for silver, but also for gold and the fiat currency system in general. So jumping in, if we learned anything in the fallout of the global financial crisis, it's that the Federal Reserve, the United States government, and really countries around the world will bail out failing banks. And we saw that on a major scale as recently as 2023 when the Federal Reserve instituted its bankterm funding program, the BTFP. Some of you may remember that, to save banks that had massive unrealized losses as a result of falling bond prices in the fallout of interest rate hikes in 2022 and 2023. And this is a policy along with lingering unrealized losses in the US bank sector which you can see here on the screen right now that persist to today. So bailouts what I want to say about the bailouts is that they are something that we live with even today. That said, despite some well publicized stories about trading desks at some large banks shorting or again betting against the price of silver, I demonstrated in two videos last year that the largest banks have started to go long or bet for the price of silver to go up with some of the manipulations we saw around the $50 level signaling that large players were smashing the price of silver down not to keep it down, but to be able to get in at a better price leading into the major breakout in silver price with the November 2025 computer crash caused by an alleged cooling issue at the Chicago Merkantile Exchange being the major moment I have said banks flipped from being against silver to betting for silver in a situation that was an exact copy and paste of what we saw documented in the famous film The Big Short for those of you who have seen it where banks use the excuse of a computer crash to hide the fact that they were dumping worthless mortgage bonds on clueless investors who were buying them up as the banks themselves started betting against the very bonds they were selling. And I bring this up to say that although bank bailouts remain a reality in 2026, it doesn't have anything to do with silver or gold prices for that matter. in a reality where big banks are actually betting on them to go up now and in a reality where as most of us know there simply isn't enough of the metal specifically silver to go around. And this situation was perfectly summarized by Josh Far who is the founder and CEO of the Scottsdale Mint. In fact, he appeared on my channel last year and I will be meeting him up in Berlin, Germany at the World Money Fair in two weeks. So, if you'd like to see me do a video with him again, please let me know in the comments section below. But he made this post on X 2 days ago, which has now racked up more than 700,000 views on the platform. And it details what has changed for precious metals, namely silver, since 2025. And I will link that clip up below for you all to see for yourselves what he said. But even though the entire market is seemingly lining up to participate in this young bull market for precious metals, it doesn't mean they're supportive of it. And it definitely doesn't mean they want you to participate in it or benefit from it. Because while banks are securing their positions in gold and silver right now, they are actively trying to discourage clients from doing it themselves, using scare tactics like the Bloomberg rebalancing story to make you think a major price crash is coming so you won't take your money out of the bank to buy something that is out of their control. And in some extreme cases, they are even blocking people from using the money they have deposited in the bank, using the excuse of scams in the precious metals market to prevent people from buying gold and silver, even from reputable dealers, as was covered in this clip, which I have permission to use, made by Taylor Kenny just two days ago on X. And here's what she had to say. They are blocking the exits into gold and silver aka capital controls or banking restrictions on how you can spend your money. Let me explain. I work for a fullervice gold and silver physical gold and silver dealer. And today we had multiple clients who are trying to wire us funds to purchase gold and silver to escape the failing fiat system. And guess the banks are no longer allowing the wires to go through, not just to us, but to any precious metals companies. Now, the official reason they're giving is because they're worried about fraud, about scammers out there. And it's not to say that there aren't any in the space. But to have these banks put in a blanket policy, no precious metals, no gold or silver at all, they don't want you outside their system. They want to keep you in the fiat system. If you transfer your wealth into physical gold and silver, they're no longer making a fee off of you. They can't control you. They can't freeze or seize your assets. The illusion that they have built is crumbling because more and more people are waking up. >> Now, although these are just temporary solutions to a growing problem as more and more regular people look to at least partially exit the fiat currency system in favor of holding physical precious metals. I expect more extreme measures to come into play moving forward. And I'm not saying any of this to scare you or pressure you into buying gold and silver now, but you need to know this because the next tactic we will see being used against physical gold and silver stackers to keep them out of precious metals is to completely price them out of the market. and in a situation where at current spot price the typical US household can only afford to save and and these are updated figures by the way can only afford to save 37 ounces of silver in the course of a year which is a 93% drop versus what the figure was at in 1990. It's not going to take much to completely exclude people from stacking physical precious metals. And the model I expect to see used at some point in the future is the one that is currently being used against silver stackers in Europe. And Americans really have to listen up to this part of the video because when you buy silver in Europe today, an additional value added tax is tacked on to the purchase price with an additional 20% or more typically being added to the price of silver bullion products when you buy them. Which is why Europeans who are still buying physical silver today are paying more than $110 per ounce for silver bullion today. And this is an example from a Polish website selling 1oz silver kangaroos. And I use this example as I warn you that metals prices are still going higher to say if you have wanted to protect yourself even with a small part of your savings in gold and silver. I'm not telling you to go allin, but even with a small part of your savings in gold and silver, get in now. Because once the news stories and temporary bank blockages of gold and silver purchases stop working, this type of taxation system will come into play and it will make your silver on the secondary sales market worth more than the spot price of the metal even when you are selling it back to dealers as the market adjusts for the reality of taxation. And this is a situation, a reality, a market dynamic that is not in place in the United States yet. And this is the reality that people are experiencing in Europe with dealers purchasing silver from people who want to sell it back to them at more than $6 above spot today. But to benefit from this and to make sure you get ahead of what's likely coming at some point in the future, you have to act now because I expect it to become a lot harder to get into gold and silver the longer you wait. And the barrier to entry is not going to be a law against you owning it. As far as I can see, the barrier is going to be price and taxation, making it extremely unaffordable for most regular people to get in in the first place. Now, of course, that doesn't mean that the market is going to become so unaffordable that nobody will be able to buy or sell gold and silver on the market. Of course, this only means that the amounts of gold and silver that you'll be able to buy and trade moving forward will go down as they rise in price relative to prices on the market as fiat currencies continue to debase and people move their savings, specifically wealthy people who have a lot of money accumulated in the bond market out of those bonds and into the precious metals market. So, please don't think this is me trying to say that the entire precious metals market is going to become affordable and collapse. That's not what I'm saying. I'm simply saying that moving forward, it's going to be a lot more difficult to afford to get out of the fiat currency system. So, what I'm saying is get out while you still can. With that said, that's all I have to say for this video. I'm wishing you all a fantastic day and week ahead. Please remember to take care of yourselves and take care of each other if you enjoyed this content. Also, please take a moment to leave a like below as that helps this content reach more people who may need to hear my message. And don't forget that if you have friends and family who would benefit from my message and from my content and my presentation style to share this video with them as it helps my channel grow. I will see you all in next week's video. Goodbye. 
