 For the first time in recorded history, every major economic power, America, China, Europe, Japan, they're all hitting the absolute peak of the debt super cycle at the exact same moment. A reset is coming. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant told us it was coming before the election. And when it hits, it won't be regional. It will be global, systemic, and sudden. Think about it. In just the past two weeks, JP Morgan, Black Rockck, Vanguard, Charles Schwab, they've all changed their stance on Bitcoin. They know what's coming. They're building and they're preparing. So, what is happening? And what system is quietly being built right now to replace the one that's dying? Well, strap in because we are in a geopolitical economic war and Bitcoin is right in the middle of all of it. We have a massive show today. >> [music] >> Every debt system ends in one of three ways. They inflate the money so they can pay off the debt and that's just an absolute wipeout. VHimar Republic did it. France did it. Rome did it. Just a wipeout. Then there's a hard default and political upheaval. Russia did that in 1917. Argentina did it over and over again. War leading to a new monetary order. That's another one. The Neapol uh the um uh the um Napoleonic Wars, the British gold standard, World War II, Bretonwoods, all of that. But there is always a reset, always a new order that is born from the ashes of the old. And here's what makes this moment unprecedented. Rome collapsed by itself. France collapsed alone. VHimar collapsed by itself. Britain declined while America rose. It was always one country coming down and another country coming up. This time all countries, all countries on both sides, the free world and the not so free world. There's no one rising. China is drowning in its local government debt. It's never going to say this, but it is a paper it's a paper tiger. Europe is fractured and coming apart at the seams. Japan demographic timebomb. America is politically frozen and insolvent fiscally. So for the very first time in world history in every major civil civilization has reached its peak of the debt cycle this time all at the same moment. No one's coming up. So what does that mean? Well, for the very first time in human history, it means when it arrives, it's not going to be regional. It will be global. It's not going to be slow. It'll be systemic. It'll be everywhere. Now, the hope the history books don't tell um and nobody in the media will tell you this is with every one of those resets, every collapse, every crisis, it created the conditions for renewal. Rome. Its fall opened the door for a new Christian civilization. France, the revolution there birthed the modern nation state. Britain's decline cleared the space for America's rise. The devastation of World War II led to the great expansion of prosperity, the greatest that the world has ever seen. So the next chapter is not written. What happens to us is not written. And it whether we rise or fall from what's coming depends not on Washington, not on Wall Street, but on us in our homes and our families and our churches and our communities. The debt cycle is not prophecy. It is a warning. You cannot borrow your way out of moral, fiscal, or spiritual bankruptcy. Now, I don't feel like I chose this path. I mean, this this with with Brettton Woods and then 1972 coming off the gold standard and what they did in 2008 to bail out all the banks. I didn't have anything to say. Did you have anything to say about that? Cuz I didn't. I didn't. I wouldn't have chosen those things. But the world is putting something together. And I want to show you what our choices are because right now people say, "Ah, you know, I don't like what Donald Trump is doing or I don't like the World Economic Forum or I don't like what China it Okay, great. But I want you to know it's going to be one of these systems because it's being built. It always happens. When one is coming down, some new system, usually a country, but not a country this time, a new system begins to rise. and it happens before the fall. >> What system is quietly being built right now to replace the one that's dying? Well, let's dive into it and the massive signals being sent by the president and Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant. First, let's start with this banger from Luke Groman. Apparently, some bond market participants do not realize their holdings must lose on a real basis for the US not to lose to China in the great power competition. Let me translate that. The US is going to sacrifice the bond market before it sacrifices global dominance. And guess what? Some bond traders are finally starting to get the memo. Oh, so now you're worried now that the macro regime is flipping. Well, buckle up because the biggest signal came right after this headline just in. The US Treasury executed the largest debt buyback in American history. 12.5 billion of its own debt. Not to retire debt, not to stimulate, no, to keep the system alive. Because older bonds lose liquidity, they drift off the benchmark curve. And then repo markets, the plumbing of global finance, start twitching. So, Treasury stepped in to clean it up. That is not QE, but it is QE adjacent behavior. It's liquidity engineering. The Fed already cut twice. QT formally ended December 1st. Once the Fed stops draining the system, the Treasury's job becomes keep the machine from seizing up. Why? Because so far, the repo engine is blowing up in volume. That means the entire financial system is leaning on overnight repo collateral like a crutch. If even one corner starts trading weird, it cascades. And that brings us to the next warning. Financial analyst Bill Halter, Mr. Gold himself, went on the record. There is more risk in the financial system now than any time ever. And he's not wrong. Look at silver. In 48 hours, silver spiked $5 an ounce. A coordinated scramble for industrial metal that should never move like that unless something is snapping. Lease rates exploding, borrow rates exploding, a global multi-year deficit, and the rumor someone placed a 20 billion order equivalent to 400 million ounces. That order cannot be met. Halter says if someone stands for delivery, and it looks difficult. Everyone will stand for delivery. Contracts become worthless. If COMX fails to deliver silver, gold goes next, then the CME, then treasuries, then derivatives, the entire collateral chain melts down. And who agrees with Halter, Ray Dallio, and Jeff Goonock buying physical gold for the first time in their careers? When the bond kings start leaving the bond market, you know the endgame is approaching. Now, let's talk about the most important story no one is covering. Breaking. Trump is considering making Treasury Secretary Scott Besson not just Treasury Secretary but also the top economic advisor if Kevin Hasset becomes Fed Chair. This is a regime rewrite. Why? Because this creates the Treasury and Fed working together. Liquidity first policy, growth first ideology, financial repression, implicit QE, soft caps on yields, coordinated industrial policy, and geopolitical strategy verse China. This is the 1940s playbook updated for a digital multipolar world. The markets will pretend to be confused. Then they'll realize this is wildly bullish for risk assets and nuclear level bullish for Bitcoin because this structure is a world where holding cash is slow death and owning assets is survival. And Scott Bessant told us his ambitions months before the election. I think as an economic historian and someone who's been in markets for 40 years, you know, I actually think I'm starting to look like it now is [laughter] u you know, I think we're also at a at a unique moment geopolitically and I I could see in the next few years that we are going to have to have some kind of a grand e global economic reorder. ing it was something on on the equivalent of a new Breton Woods or if you want to go back like a a treat something back to the steel agreements or the treaty of Versailles you know there's a very good chance that we are going to have to have that over the next four years and I'd like to be a part of it I I've I've studied this um I I think it's kind of a a unique skill set >> in the next few years we are going to have a grand economic reordering something equivalent to a new Breton Woods. Ladies and gentlemen, this is that moment and what Bessent did next kind of confirms it. Attacking the old guard. The question is how should is this is like a new is this a new normal >> that Andrew there's no new normal and you know I I can tell you that I I actually don't read the New York Times anymore that sometimes I I do watch CNBC but you know occasionally people sending send me articles and like there's just this fever swamp and you know you're you're now a pop historian with 1929 and you know in 20 30 40 50 years. The New York Times is no longer the paper of record. You you can't go like, you know, I read this article like, "President Trump is slowing down. President Trump's mineral capacity." It is 100% fake. >> That like he only called me twice at 2 in the morning last week instead of three times. >> You're saying he called you I I believe that he called you at 2 or 3 in the morning. that you like that that whole narrative you you had what was the greatest one of the greatest scandals of all time >> that the coverage of the Biden administration Joe Biden's diminished capacity and the cover up and that's why it's probably fair to raise these questions where was the New York Time we just had a three-hour cabinet meeting yesterday Andrew for 10 months the Biden administration did not have a cabinet meeting how are you going to invoke the 25th amendment if the cabinet secretaries never see the president, which they didn't. That, you know, I hear from people in the Treasury building that I see President Trump more in a day than my predecessor saw Joe Biden in half a year. >> Scotty B walked onto the New York Times stage and turned it into a roast battle. >> Worse, I mean, in a blue state, affordability is worse than a blue state. Uh we can debate that but keep >> there's no debate that the the number 50 basis points higher inflation the the 10 highest the uh inflation rates they are um in blue cities but just just so you know because I went to look at this uh this is the joint economic committee 2000 since 2021 uh the highest uh inflation over the past four years has been in red states >> especially Florida. >> I'm talking about current. >> Current >> current, >> not over the past four years, >> right? Today. >> Okay. I would think four years would be a reasonable >> trend line to look at. >> Today, today it is 50 basis points higher. So anyway, and look that people were voting with their feet. I I have the American people on my side that New York, Illinois, California, Massachusetts are depopulating >> and they're going to places in Florida like Florida where where interest rates are or I'm saying inflation's up 22% over the last four years. >> Well, inflation then inflation is up 25% nationally. So, it's lower. >> I believe in New York it was 19%. >> Sorry. >> I believe in New York it was 19%. >> I don't think that's right. >> We can we can go through the map. This man is a weapon, a true economic hitman, the most important economic mind in Washington right now. And he's building something. Which brings us to SEC Chair Paul Atkins, who just said the quiet part out loud. >> Do you expect this is where financial services are is going? Are are the major banks and the brokers out there today moving increasingly toward tokenization? >> Oh, absolutely. And it's the uh the way the world will be uh you know here in the I mean maybe not even in 10 years maybe even a lot less time maybe a couple years from now. So I think that all of this modernization of the markets I think is good and the trouble that uh we've seen here over the past uh few years is that uh you know the SEC unlike historically I it historically it never was necessarily at the vanguard of pushing new innovations. it was always you know a little bit behind the market of course but here uh recently it's been almost standing a fort uh the marketplace and as it's uh you know as all these new innovations were coming about so that's no more we're actually embracing it and I believe that we need to be embracing it to keep the United States at the forefront >> two years the modernization of markets is now mandatory for the survival of US financial supremacy. And who else confirmed it? Black Rockck, Coinbase, major US banks, all running live tokenization pilots. It's all stupid. JP Morgan's JPMCoin is already operational. But let's be clear, Jamie Diamondcoin is not victory for decentralization or freedom. It's a way for banks to protect their crown jewel. Fractional reserve banking. Jaime Diamondcoin is designed to avoid being classified as a stable coin under the Genius Act because stable coins must be fully reserved in treasuries. JP Morgan wants to keep rehypothecation alive. They want the fiat system on chain. Bitcoiners want the fiat system gone. This is the battleground. Two systems emerging. Systems of control. CBDC's, deposit tokens, centralized rails, and then systems of freedom, Bitcoin, sound money, self-custody. And speaking of banks, this is insane. In just two weeks, JP Morgan, Black Rockck, Vanguard, Charles Schwab, they all reversed their stance on Bitcoin. Why the sudden change of heart? Well, because they needed the price lower. They ran the same play they ran in 2017. Diamond calls Bitcoin a fraud. Retail panic sells. JP Morgan buys the dip. This time they attacked Micro Strategy, jacked margin from 50 to 95%, froze transfers, pushed index exclusions, waited for a 35% draw down, then announced a Bitcoinbacked bond. This wasn't an accident. This was accumulation. And now Larry Frink, Mr. 13.5 trillion is explaining Bitcoin as a macro hedge to all his Wall Street buddies. He said sovereign wealth funds are buying Bitcoin again from we're seeing more and more legitimate long only investors investing in it. There was an article about a a foundation endowment just bought a lot of IBIT. Uh but I can tell you there are a number of sovereign funds that are standing by. They're adding incrementally at 120 at 100. They brought I know they bought more in the 80s. >> That's fine. And they're they're establishing a longer position and you own it over years. This is not a trade. You own it for a purpose. >> This is a global adoption wave. And Michael Sailor confirmed banks are adopting Bitcoin faster than expected. Needless to say, 2026 is going to be absolutely insane. Ron >> in the world to embrace crypto, to embrace Bitcoin in four to eight years would be fast. What you see here is it's happening much faster. Um what we've what we've seen is BNY Melon, PNC Bank, City Bank, JP Morgan, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, um Vanguard, all of these have flipped from a hostile, negative or skeptical view to a positive view in the last 12 months, right? Uh we have announcements. Schwab is going to custody Bitcoin and extend cryp uh credit against uh uh crypto assets early next year. City is doing the same thing. Um it used to be, you know, I couldn't get a loan against uh Bitcoin from any major bank. And now if I counted the top 10 banks in the United States, eight of them, eight of them are are are actually uh engaged in crypto lending and they've all flipped their stance in the last 6 months. >> CBDC's, deposit tokens, bankisssued coins, rehypothecation, surveillance rails, and then system two, freedom money, Bitcoin, gold, self-custody, open networks. Gold is sound money with one fatal flaw. You can't send it across the world in minutes for pennies. Peter Schiff, the gold pope himself, just admitted live that he couldn't verify his own gold in front of CZ. We're about to bring it home today. But before we do, look at our likes. >> Three or four times maybe. I got to pump those numbers up. Those are rookie numbers in this racket. >> Let's take a quick second for our sponsors who keep this show on the air over at the Bitcoin way. If your wealth lives in their system, it's not yours, it's theirs. That's why we scream Bitcoin. That's why you self-custody. And that's why you call our friends over at the Bitcoin way. They'll walk you through multi-IG, self-custody, privacy, how to run a node, and the tools that keep you sovereign when the fiat system pulls the plug. Don't wait till it's too late. Book a free 30-minute consult today using that link in the show notes. Need cash but don't want to sell your Bitcoin? Leden is the global leader in Bitcoin backed loans, issuing over nine billion in loans since 2018, and they were the first to offer proof of reserves. With Leedin, you get custody loans, no credit checks, no monthly payments, and more. Visit learn.ledden.io/simply to learn more and get 25 basis points off your first loan. >> So, um, I have a nice box here. >> What is that? >> It has, um, some, um, I think it's Kirk Kirk Kirkus language. >> Uh, I took it back from Kyrkystan. He has a certificate. I I got it I got this from a very important person from um uh Kyrgystan. >> Uhhuh. >> Very recently. Uh just completely by luck. So we take it out. It's pretty heavy. Um I put this down. You can see like it says um Kyan 1,00 grams fine gold 99.9 >> and a serial number. Try it. >> Yes. Yeah. It's heavy. Is it real gold or no? >> Well, I don't know. I mean, I you know, I mean, is this what you're trying to I mean, [laughter] >> this is the fourth turning. You want money that backs itself. You want Bitcoin. And Black Rock's Robbie Mitchnik just spelled it out. The only two assets globally adopted as monetary alternatives over thousands of years are gold and Bitcoin. >> There's only two uh assets that have emerged, maybe maybe three if we count silver. in the last multiple thousands of years that became globally adopted as a monetary alternative. Gold, you could say silver at some point, less so today, and Bitcoin. So, that's an incredible achievement for Bitcoin. Obviously, Bitcoin is uh newer than gold. It's more volatile than gold. It's uh risky as a as a kind of novel technology instrument, but it also has a lot in its favor as something that is digitally native in an increasingly digital world that is efficient to store and can be moved anywhere in the world in near real time at near zero cost. So, Bitcoin has uh registered in the arena as a real uh competitor, real option in that uh space of things of a small space of things that you can use to kind of play this debasement trade and we've seen that resonate. >> All right, so let's run it down. debt super cycle, treasury buybacks, record treasury buybacks, end of QT, repo stress, derivative crack, silver delivery crisis, Fed Treasury consolidation, pre913 policies. We've been talking about this, Black Rocks tokenization regime, banks capitulating, sovereign wealth funds buying, Bessant building a new Breton Woods, and Bitcoin positioned as the backbone of the new system. This is not random. This is not chaos. I don't know. I think it's still chaos. But this is the transition of monetary eras happening in real time. One system is dying, one is being built, and you get to choose which one you participate in. Bitcoin or digital surfom, freedom money or Jamie Diamond and Ursula coins, self- sovereignty or the beast system. Choose wisely because the reset has already begun and Bitcoin is not outside the system anymore. Bitcoin is the replacement. Let us know what you think below and don't forget to like, subscribe, and give us a pamp. Share the sound money gospel and set those notifications. Get the best in Bitcoin news delivered to you daily. Stay up to date with the peaceful revolution. Follow us on X and I'll catch you all next time. Love you guys. Peace. If you prefer to go down with the ship, you [music] 
