 Silver has been undervalued for a very long time, but it is now broken out on the 160year chart, and I think it's got a lot of room to run. Silver is breaking everything right now. The LBMA is in huge trouble. The ComX is not going to be able to deliver all of this silver. They're going to have to settle in cash. Banks that were shorting silver might go under as they tapped the Fed's repo facility for over $17 billion dollar yesterday. Plus, breaking news. The ComX is raising margin on silver once again. They're trying to stop this rally, but it's not going to work. Silver is already trading for $85 an ounce in China, and they're about to start their export controls. Lastly, the richest man in the world, Elon Musk, has tweeted about silver. We've got so much to talk about. Let's get into it. Buy your gold and silver online from SD Bullion. New customers get gold or silver at spot by visiting sdbullion.com/new. Before we get to the silver news today, and believe me, there's a lot. I first want to say a big thank you to everyone for watching. Please remember to subscribe to my YouTube channel if you want any future updates about silver. I try to cover everything that's going on as well as bring you entertaining content. And that's what this is. All of my videos are for entertainment purposes only. They are not investment advice. But I've been buying silver for a very long time, about eight or nine years now. And uh this was actually my most recent purchase. I got this at a coin show for $67. And I'm already profitable on it after about a week. And I cannot believe that these 100 ounce silver bars are now worth over $7500. It's kind of unbelievable. But with that being said, let's get to everything going on with silver right now. Silver price is very close to $80 an ounce in the US. It's sitting at $7934. Yesterday it had its biggest move that I have ever seen. It went up $7.73 in one day, over a 10% gain. And I do want to point out that the gold silver ratio has fallen to 57. So if silver continues to surge, I expect to see the GSR to continue to go down. And as I said before, the lower the GSR goes, the more appealing gold is going to look as an investment. Many of the big news outlets are now talking about silver. Forbes posted this yesterday. Silver price near $79 for first time amid record-breaking surge. I think a lot of people are finally starting to wake up to silver and its potential. I've shown this chart on the channel many times. Silver is now in the number three spot for the top assets by market cap. But this chart does not include whole country's currencies, real estate, base metals, oil. For that, we got to go to the bigger chart. Here we've got the market cap of all assets. So at the top you've got real estate, then oil, Chinese yuan, gold, interestingly enough, is beating out the US dollar. Then you've got the euro, copper, natural gas, Japanese yen, Nvidia, and finally silver. It's made the front page. It beat out the British pound yesterday. And if it can go above Nvidia, it will be in the top 10. Before we get to all the big news, I want to give you one last victory lap for silver. It's now up 174% this year. How incredible is that? Now, we only have a few days of trading left, but if it continues this parabolic rise, we could be in for something really special. Breaking news. China will be imposing export restrictions on silver beginning in 5 days on January 1st. These restrictions will require special government licenses for silver exports. This is going to really tighten supply. We already know that supply is extremely tight, but China is not going to be letting any more silver slip through their fingers. And look at this. The Shanghai silver prices are now up to $85 an ounce. That's a $5 premium to spot prices in the US. The LBMA is breaking. If you don't know what the LBMA is, it's basically the platform that silver trades on in London. And it's one of the things we look to to figure out what is the silver spot price. Look at this. LBMA may be forced to sharply adjust the benchmark price any time. Every LBMA request to extend silver leases expiring in the next 2 weeks is being denied, no matter the rate offered. LBMA reportedly is already facing a historic run on the vault Monday morning and will likely need to bite the bullet and repric silver to the physical Shanghai price in order to prevent a complete systemic default. So, it's looking like silver may be going to $82 to $85 an ounce on Monday, but not if the COMX has anything to say about it. The ComX or the platform that silver trades on here in the US in Chicago has got to be freaking out. They just set a new record high of over 63 million ounces of silver that are set to go out in December. They're not going to be able to send all of this silver out. They're going to have to settle in cash and they want to stop the price from going higher. One of the main reasons is that there was a lot of banks still shorting silver and they had to tap the Fed's repo facility for over 17 billion dollar last Friday. Is silver about to detonate the entire global banking system? Some of these banks now have literally billions in unrealized losses and they would go out of business if it wasn't for the Fed's repo facility bailing them out. The Comx is trying everything they can to lower the price of silver. They are raising margin requirements. Once again, we saw them do this about a week ago. It did not work. Silver price continued to go up. But essentially, what they're doing is making it more expensive for individuals and businesses to take out futures contracts on silver. This is going to take effect on Monday, December 29th. So, be prepared for a potential slamdown when the markets open. But if metals are not going down, if they're able to overcome this hike in margin, it's going to be off to the races. Now, they're raising margin on gold 10%. Silver is going up 13.6%. That's even more than we saw last week. And platinum is going up 23%. So, they're trying as hard as they can to slow down this rally. Will it work? We'll have to wait and see. Let's take a look at the bears verse bulls going into Monday. We've got Peter Brandt posting this today on X. This time it will not be different. I've traded in six different decades. Every time there's been a supply and demand imbalance in commodity markets. I've heard the phrase, "This time it's different." It has never been different, never will be. So enjoy it. Now, he's obviously predicting silver to go down, but let's look at the bulls. Luke Groman posted this on X yesterday. He's talking about the last time silver had a crazy rally like this. He says, "The Hunt brothers were not using the silver and everyone knew they had no intention of using it. Today, everyone knows that everyone knows that much of the growth of the economy is coming from silver inensive sectors and that silver supplies are insufficient for the foreseeable future. So maybe it actually is different this time around. And when we look at the 160year chart for silver, you can see silver has actually broken out. This is quite incredible to see. And they've got this little arrow going up here all the way up to $1,400 an ounce for some reason. I don't know if silver is going to go that high, but look, it's possible. We even have Elon Musk tweeting about silver yesterday. He says, "This is not good. Silver is needed in many industrial processes. He's referring to the fact that silver spiked 10% in one day. And I get it. Elon is trying to make those Tesla roofs with all the silver. He's trying to make the Tesla cars, AI data centers for Grock, rockets, you name it, he's trying to build it. He needs silver. So, with the price going up, I guess he's not happy about it. But if we read some of the comments here, Peter Spinner, maybe you should buy a silver mine. They are super undervalued. Yeah, maybe Elon should have bought a mine a long time ago. We've got fiat always returns to zero. You can't print silver. And look at the chart here. We started off with a silver dollar. That was our actual currency. Then we went to something that was apparently backed by silver. Then we went to fiat. Now, we're here right before fiat goes into hyperinflation and then ultimately utter chaos. I'll be honest with you all. I don't know what's going to happen to silver on Monday. Is it going to go up? Is it going to go down? Whenever the ComX raises margin, that definitely puts some downward pressure on silver, but it's been going up so fast and there's so many things that are pushing it higher. I think it might continue to go up. But remember, this is a longterm strategy. I know there's a lot of people getting into silver right now for the first time. They're hearing about it in the news. They're seeing videos about it. They're thinking, "Maybe I should go out and buy some silver." And maybe you're right. Maybe you should buy silver. I've been buying it for a very long time. But the thing is, my plan is to hold this for decades. So, it doesn't really matter to me personally what happens to the price of silver on Monday or next year even. I want it to go up, of course, but I don't know what's going to happen. I am still predicting $150 silver in 2026. We'll have to wait and see if that comes true. But what's your silver price prediction? Let me know down below in the comment section. Thank you so much for watching and I will see you all in my next one. Silver dragons 
