 This is Matthew Crowder's Bitcoin University. Today I want to do a year-end review for 2025. And the summary is obviously it was a very bad year. 2025 began with high hopes for the new Trump administration, especially from those Bitcoiners who had donated to his campaign and worked hard to get him elected. Those hopes began to rapidly evaporate as we saw that Trump was much more interested in shelling his own ship coins rather than working hard for Bitcoiners. We had the Trump meme coin come out right at the beginning of the year. And we can see that for anyone who didn't get in on the premine or the pre-sale, this was a complete disaster, collapsing in value. As I covered in this video, Trumpa spits on America. I'm still glad I voted for Trump over Kamla. Even though he's been a huge, huge disappointment, one of the good things he did do was close the borders and also free our fellow Bitcoiner Ross Olrich. So that's more than most politicians, you can expect from most politicians, but he was certainly a big disappointment on the Bitcoin side of things. He was much less hostile obviously than someone like Camala Harris would have been. But he still doesn't seem to be that interested in Bitcoin. It's a very minor constituency for him. As Molly Big Magic Dow points out here, China builds gold reserves by actually buying gold non-stop, but the US announces a Bitcoin strategic reserve and then does nothing. That's a good summary. And the big problem is that President Trump proceeded to waste one of the greatest political mandates that an American president has ever been given. Having won both houses of Congress and the electoral college and even the popular vote, coming into office with huge, huge tailwinds and widespread support across all age groups and ethnicities, the president, who ran on draining the swamp three times, quickly lost interest in draining anything, preferring instead to increase funding for the swamp with the big ugly bill, as I like to call it. And the president who had campaigned against the forever wars in the deep state quickly embraced both once he took office, denying that the Epstein files even existed and calling them a democrat hoax, bombing Iran, threatening Venezuela, and gen generally working hard to make sure that his real masters were happy, namely people like Netanyahu and Miriam Adlesen, as we've seen. Trump abandoned MAGA for MEGA for Make Israel Great Again, and spit on all of his America First supporters who had actually gotten him elected. And then he went on to spend his free time golfing with his neocon friends and denouncing the few decent congressmen that we have like Marjgery Taylor Green and Thomas Massie. And then when Charlie Kirk was brutally assassinated, Trump seemed much more interested in talking about his fancy new ballroom at the White House. Now, unfortunately, thanks to Trump's many failures, the US is now firmly on the path to hyperinflation. There will be no political solution to the national debt. We're going to have to inflate our way out because if we couldn't cut government spending with this sort of broad coalition, we're never going to be able to cut it, unfortunately. So, we're going to have to inflate our way out. And this will unfortunately cause untold human suffering domestically and abroad, especially as the US government seeks to distract people by starting more external wars as we're beginning to see with Venezuela. We're really going to need a hard digital money to survive the coming hyperinflation over the coming decade. So, it's quite unfortunate that 2025 was also the year that Bitcoin Core went rogue, pushing through a highly contentious mepool policy update in spite of widespread opposition. This was something that I covered widely in 2025, much to the dismay of the Bitcoin Core industrial complex and all the people who benefit from that. So, I definitely made a lot of enemies covering this in such detail in this year. But Bitcoin Core's misguided attempt to unify Mempo policy succeeded only in fragmenting meo policy and the network and destroying trust in Bitcoin core. We had an a historical exodus out of Bitcoin core and into Bitcoin knots as well as new node runners running knots. We can see where we started the year here with something like 435 knots nodes and we're ending the year with over 5,000. So I'm very very proud of the Bitcoin network. This was amazing. We're currently at 22, call it 22% of the network. So this was a historical move one for the history books. Unfortunately, Bitcoin Core's actions opened up the network to more spam attacks and even the potential for CSAM in the very place, namely operturn in the very place blessed and designated by the reference implementation for the placement of non-monetary data. And a lot of Bitcoin core supporters still don't understand how toxic this is. This is why I made this video. Bitcoin Core 30 is a CSAM relay service as HMLE points out here to no one's surprise except for hope hopelessly ignorant courtards. Spammers continue to abuse both channels. So they're spamming using the inspcriptions bug and also spamming using larger operuni points out here before April 2025 we had 15 large oper in 8 months. And so once the debate began about larger oper returns, we began to get a lot more larger operations coming through. Then of course, Bitcoin Core version 30 was released in October and made things even worse. If you're finding this video interesting so far, I just pause really briefly here to ask you to help to support the channel. Hit the subscribe button. That does really help. Leave a like, leave a comment, question, suggestion for a future video. And share this video with a friend or family member. We learned in 2025 that there's a segment of Bitcoin core devs and maintainers who are much more interested in consolidating power and circling the wagons to protect their institutional imperatives and funding than they are in protecting Bitcoin. The whole mempool and oper tragedy demonstrates this. We also learned the extent to which DEI nepotism rather than meritocracy plays a role in Bitcoin core software development. I'll put a link to this for those of you who didn't follow the whole Gloria Zo thing. This is called Bitcoin Core Nepotism and Commit Access. 2025 was the year that many of us also lost faith in Adam back and Greg Maxwell as beneficent and neutral actors. I'll put a link to both of these videos. Has Adam back been compromised? Which I believe he has, and Greg Maxwell going mad. Unsurprisingly, given Bitcoin's governance problems, 2025 was not a good year for Bitcoin's fiat price performance. If we take a look at these returns from the beginning of the year, and they're they're not final yet, but we can see that gold was up approximately 65%. The S&P 500 as a broad proxy for the stock market was up, call it 17%. Again, these aren't final numbers, but pretty close to final numbers. Bitcoin was down about 5% and then all the other cryptocurrencies from ETH to XRP to Salana to Cardano and Cas Caspa, which was the worst performer, down 61%. They were all down multiples of what Bitcoin was down. So it was not a good year for Bitcoin, was not a good year for crypto, but was a good year, very good year for gold as we saw in continuing accumulation by central banks. To put this in perspective though, this is gold outperforming Bitcoin in 2025. And if we scroll out, we can see that over longer periods of time, obviously, Bitcoin continues to outperform, massively outperform gold. So I do expect this just to be a temporary outperformance by gold given Bitcoin's fundamental properties compared to gold. Bitcoin is much more portable. It's easier to verify. It has a maximum fixed supply etc. So it has many many advantages especially for the digital 21st century. You can send it across digital payment channels and you cannot do that with physical gold. 2025 was also the year that we witnessed massive value destruction by so-called Bitcoin treasury companies as many Bitcoin influencers sought to use their followers as exit liquidity. David Bailey's Nakamoto was down 99% from the highs and we can see all these Bitcoin treasury companies from Nakamoto to Metaplanet to Smarter Web to Satsuma to Semilar down anywhere from 90 to 95%. So, this has been a disaster and anyone who bought these in an effort to outperform Bitcoin has massively destroyed their capital and underperformed Bitcoin. Now, I could keep handing out black pills, but I I think I'll stop there. There were a few white pills along the way, like for example, Nick Zabo returning to X in a big way. Nick Zabo here saying, "Rug the spammer." So, I'm grateful to all the guidance and wisdom that he's provided on X over this year. I'm also very grateful to see the network healing itself as we get this continued exodus from Bitcoin core to Bitcoin knots. This is Bitcoin proving to the world that it is anti-fragile. 2026 I think is going to be another difficult year. It's quite likely that the bare market continues. So of course no one knows for sure. I think it's also quite likely we see some form of soft fork to fight spam at the consensus level. whether it's BIP 110, formerly known as BIP 444, whether it's the CAT or whether it's an alternate soft fork proposal. But I'd say that ultimately and in the long term, I'm still optimistic about Bitcoin Bitcoin and Bitcoiners to paraphrase Winston Churchill on Americans, he said of Americans, and we might say of Bitcoiners, Bitcoiners can always be trusted to do the right thing after all the alternatives have been exhausted. If you enjoyed this video, be sure to hit the subscribe and like buttons. Hit the notification bell if you want to be notified when I publish my next video. And let me know your questions and comments in the comment section below. Thanks a lot for watching and I'll see you in the next 
