 China has this massive edge on rare earth minerals and materials. >> I think what we may see next year is a US dollar and sovereign debt crisis. >> Gold and silver jumping to all-time highs as escalating geopolitical tensions boost the historic rally. >> Sovereign debt and currency crisis will make the 2008 financials crisis look like a Sunday school picnic. >> What's up, guys? It's Graham here. So, it's official. Starting January 1st, China will begin restricting its supply of silver to the global market. And when they control roughly 60 to 70% of global supply, that single decision is about to throw a major wrench throughout our entire economy. After all, what most people don't realize is that silver isn't just an investment. It's a critical resource used throughout cars, batteries, electronics, solar, and almost every item that we use on a day-to-day basis. Not to mention, the world is already consuming more silver than can be replaced. So, with China's decision just a few days away, that price increase is expected to get a lot worse. That's why we urgently need to talk about exactly what's happening to silver, why China is cracking down, how this one metal could send the prices of everything higher, and whether or not it's too late to invest. Because with silver already up 150% this year, the next move isn't going to be gradual. It's going to be vicious. Although before we start, if you appreciate breaking news videos like this, it would mean the world to me if you hit the like button or subscribed if you haven't done that already. It's totally free. It takes you a split second and as a thank you for doing that. Here's a picture of a clown fish. So, thanks so much and also big thank you to Incogn for sponsoring this video, but more on that later. All right, so in terms of where to start, let's talk about the best performing asset of the year, and that would be silver. Even though most people might imagine silver jewelry or some really fancy silverware your grandma's had hoarded in a storage unit for decades now, the reality is silver is one of the most important commodities in the entire world. And you've likely used it a few dozen times before watching this video. Why? Well, unlike gold, which is mostly secured in vaults as a store of wealth, silver is commonly used throughout everyday items for the fact that it is the most conductive metal in the world by far. Even more so than copper, gold or aluminum. This means every car, every appliance, every electronic, every smartphone, every solar panel, they all use silver. Like nothing comes even close. It's in every single circuit board, every switch, every 5G network. Multiply that by billions of devices, and that requires a lot of silver, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. In addition to that, there is another silver use case that a lot of people are beginning to talk about, and that would be solid state batteries. This was quoted as the next generation of battery technology, promising faster charging, longer life, and greater safety for electric vehicles and beyond. Essentially, this technology would be able to deliver 700 miles of range on a single charge. And guess what's required to do that? Silver. Now, in terms of how much silver we use, demand has increased to 50% of global production. In 2025, global demand exceeded 1.24 billion ounces. Global supply was just a billion ounces. And in terms of why they can't just mine more silver, well, there's a problem that we got to talk about, which is the silver shortage. The reality is 75 to 80% of silver comes as a byproduct of other mining for copper, lead, and zinc. And the remaining 20% of silver production comes from dedicated mines of which are extremely time inensive and expensive to process. On top of that, even if a new silver mine was just discovered, it would take between 12 to 15 years just for a first ounce of silver to be produced. To make matters worse, silver is trading at a higher price in China than it is in the West. And this has prompted a lot of the big players to buy up silver in London and New York and then sell it to China as an arbitrage opportunity for profit. essentially just taking supply and giving it to a country who's enacting their own export controls in just a few days. That is what's now creating this generational shift where the price impacts are going to be felt way beyond just the cost of a basic wedding ring. Especially now that silver reserves are quickly getting depleted. In fact, the silver shortage is getting so bad that some manufacturers are looking to replace silver with cheaper alternatives like copper. Electronics manufacturers will be soon forced to raise prices as their cost to make each item goes higher and even Elon Musk warned that the situation was not good with an estimated supply shortage of 100 to 250 million ounces. Separate from that, there have also been rumors that silver could experience its own short squeeze as silver ETFs create additional demand from banks who are supposed to be buying the physical metal for every share they sell. However, some estimates suggests that the papertoysical silver ratio is 378 to1, meaning there is only 1 ounce of physical silver for 378 shares of the ETF, a number that would force banks to buy up whatever they could at whatever price they needed to just because they're obligated to hold the underlying asset. I'll link to a few resources down below in the description for anyone who wants to read about this further. But all of this sets the stage for a very unique time where silver demand is soaring, production is stalling, inventory is declining, prices are skyrocketing, and starting January 1st, it's about to get a lot worse. So, what's about to happen? And how are prices about to be affected throughout everything? Although, before we go into that, it's worth mentioning that silver is not the only thing being traded behind the scenes. Your personal data is too. For example, information now moves faster than ever. So for every account you open, every form you fill out, or every platform you use, your personal information gets copied, sold, and passed around the internet. This results in more spam phone calls, more fishing attempts, more random text messages. It's not an accident. These annoyances are going through the roof. And if you want to fight back, our sponsor, Incogn is there to help. For those unaware, Incogn works by finding websites that buy and sell your personal data, sending out legal notices to get you removed from these databases, and then you get less of your data exposed. Or basically, instead of you reaching out to dozens of sketchy data brokers yourself, Incogn does it for you, they track who complies, and then they follow up consistently to make sure it's taken care of, especially since a lot of data brokers continue collecting your information even after they've removed it. Plus, it's really easy. All you have to do is create an account, grant them the right to work for you, and then sit back while they keep you updated every step of the way. On top of that, Incogn's unlimited plan now lets you submit individual links for removal using their custom removals feature. If you Google yourself and you find your information exposed online or your details being leaked somewhere, you could literally copy and paste that link, send it to Incogn, and their team will work to get it taken down for you. You could also submit as many of these links as you want and they're available risk-f free for 30 days. So you could get a full refund if you're not 100% satisfied. So if you're interested in having your personal data taken down, check out incogn by going to incogn.com/gra and use the code graham at checkout to get 60% off their annual plan. Or you could also use the link down below in the description to get started today. Thank you so much and now let's get back to the video. All right. So, in terms of why silver is skyrocketing in value and the impact this is about to have on our entire economy, let's talk about the boogeyman of the markets, and that would be China's export control. Like I mentioned earlier, beginning January 1st, China will implement a brand new, highly restrictive export licensing regime for silver. Essentially, the barriers are so high that to qualify, a company must agree to produce 80 metric tons of silver annually. Only large state approved or heavily audited producers will be granted licenses. And since these are all done on a case-byase basis, Beijing could simply cut off the global supply of silver if they want to prioritize their own needs. Now, in terms of why they're doing this and why now, keep in mind that China manufactures over 80% of the world's solar panels and a massive share of EVs, of which heavily rely on silver. As a result of that, if China is able to restrict their own exports, they'd be able to give priority to their own manufacturers at lower local prices and also push out the rest of the world. They'd also be able to gain leverage on a very strategic and very important asset of which could potentially be used in future negotiations. Just saying, especially when AI processing power is incredibly reliant on silver. This has resulted in traders now paying a 7% premium to buy silver today rather than wait a year for delivery. It's getting harder and harder to source. And with prices now reaching $80 an ounce, the question is quickly becoming, is now a good time to buy? And is silver a good investment? Well, quite a few investors are starting to compare the prices today with the previous runup that occurred in 1979. Back then, they had an oil shock, inflation, a dollar crisis, and geopolitical tensions that caused gold and silver to quadruple in price before everything came crashing down. Now, in terms of whether or not today is a good price to buy silver, a lot of investors look at what's called the gold to silver ratio, which calculates how many ounces of silver it takes to buy 1 ounce of gold. Historically, a ratio of 60 is said to be balanced. At 45, it's time to buy gold, and at 80, it's time to buy silver. Well, today with gold at 4500 and silver at $80 an ounce, we arrive at a reading of 60, which means historically silver is trading at a relatively normal value compared to that of gold. Or I guess put another way, if gold stays at $4,500 an ounce, this chart would suggest to sell silver at $100 and buy it at 56. Of course, if gold prices fall, this would skew the numbers to the downside, but all things being equal, this chart tends to balance itself out long term. Anyway, in terms of why silver might continue going higher, first it appears as though a lot of the demand is driven by industrial use and that's expected to increase over the next few years. Therefore, we could see a demand floor that continues to go up each and every year. Now, second, we also have supply constraints because we can't just go out and mine for more silver. So, over time, we're just going to be using up more of what we already have. Yes, some mines of course will be working on overdrive, but for the most part, demand is expected to outstrip the supply. Finally, third, if inflation returns or the dollar continues to decline, investors could flock to precious metals like gold and silver as a way to preserve their assets. In a way, these metals are really seen as a hedge against the dollar. And that is why 57% of retail investors expect silver to trade above $100 an ounce. However, do keep in mind that just as quickly as things are going up in price, they could also fall if manufacturing demand slows down. We reach a deal with China to get some of their silver or manufacturers find cheaper alternatives to use instead, like copper. Honestly, in this market, anything can happen on short notice or no notice whatsoever. That's why my one word of advice is just as quickly as things could go up, they could also go down. Although in terms of what I think and what you might be able to expect over these next few years, here's my entire take on the situation and what I think is most likely going to happen. First of all, even though silver's price is up 170% in 2025, keep in mind silver's 1980 price of $50 an ounce adjusted for inflation would be worth $150 today. That both signals that $80 today isn't that extreme. And had you bought in 1980 for $50, you would have lost 50% of your purchasing power even after waiting 45 years. All of that is to say that in my opinion, silver isn't and should never be your primary investment. It should really be just a small part of a balanced portfolio with other precious metals like gold, for example. Investors usually say that you buy gold for capital preservation and silver for potential capital appreciation. And if you had bought in the last year or so, congratulations. Mission accomplished. Now, 2026, however, is likely going to be another story entirely. Beyond price, though, it's become extremely clear that silver's become much more than just a precious metals trade, but instead a strategic industrial bottleneck. When all of this demand is driven by electrification, EVs, AI infrastructure, and energy, that changes how prices behave over time. It just creates this new floor that's driven by actual demand and not so much hype. However, like I said earlier, if industrial demand slows down, if other alternatives improve or any sort of geopolitical risks get thrown into the mix, then all of a sudden silver could go down just as quickly as it went up. We also have to assume that anything beyond January 1st is already priced into where it's currently trading. So unless there's new information out there, the price that we see right now is already indicative of what people expect for the future. That's why if you're looking at silver prices, the question isn't will it be higher next month, but rather will silver continue to be a critical part of our economy 5 to 10 years from now? If the answer to that is yes, then you better brace for a lot of volatility. And if you expect the price just to keep going higher, usually that's the moment when the markets do the exact opposite of whatever you expect. Especially by the time a dumb YouTuber like me makes a video on it. Because I mean, let's be real, by the time I'm talking about a subject, it's usually when the market reaches like all-time FOMO level, peak prices, and then things come crashing down afterwards. Just do with that information whatever you want. As soon as you hit the like button and subscribe, that's all I ask for. Happy new year and until next 
