 Heat. Heat. [Music] In 1910, six of the most powerful men in the world held a meeting. This included Senator Nelson Aldrich, Representative Abram Piatt Andrew, Henry Davidson, partner of JP Morgan, Benjamin Strong Jr., economist Frank Vanderlip, president of the National City Bank of New York, and Paul Warberg, heir of a banking dynasty. This group of men secretly met at the Jackal Island Club, an exclusive club for the elites, members with big names like JP Morgan, William Vanderbilt, and William Rockefeller. During their time at Jekal Island, they put together a plan to establish the Federal Reserve. This gave bankers the ability to print money on behalf of the US government, and they weren't going to let anyone stop them. John Jacob Aster IV, his family founded the American Fur Company, and Benjamin Guggenheim made his fortune mining and melting metals. Isidor Strauss was co-owner of Macy's with his brother These three men opposed the plan for the Federal Reserve and were powerful enough to stop it. In 1912, they were to set sail on the White Star Line's newest ship, the Titanic. The White Star Line was owned by a parent company called the International Merkantile Marine Company, owned by JP Morgan. Morgan was supposed to be on the Titanic as well, but he canled his trip. No one really knows why. Pastor Guggenheim in Strauss Hall Parish, April 14th, 1912. December 23rd, 1913, President Woodrow Wilson signed the Federal Reserve Act into law, giving bankers power over our money. Companies like JP Morgan Chase Bank own shares of the Federal Reserve. They know that loaning money to the government is profitable and safer because the loans are backed by taxpayers. The Federal Reserve aims to have a 2% inflation rate, which means they aim to steal 2% more of your money than they did the last time. And they will continue to print more and more until the ship starts to sink. This system creates a cycle where the purchasing power of your hard-earned dollars steadily erodess over time. Meanwhile, those at the top with large asset holdings see their wealth grow as inflation pushes up the value of their investments. The more money that gets pumped into the economy, the wider this gap becomes, leaving ordinary people struggling to keep up. It's a monetary system to secretly siphon the wealth out of a nation. Every time money is printed, it makes your life harder and their lives easier. your money becomes worth less and their assets become worth more. This is the answer you're looking for the next time you ask yourself, why is everything so expensive? The elites know a society based on debt will not stay above water forever. That's why they're all getting on the lifeboats while the rest of us drown in inflation. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] 
