 One of the biggest myths in precious metals is that they only protect your savings and they don't actually go up in real terms because inflation offsets the gains. And I want to start by saying that is a complete falsehood. It is not true. Hello everyone. Welcome to Bald Guy Money. And in a year that many mainstream analysts expected to be shaky for precious metals relative to stocks and crypto as they hyped narratives claiming the United States would sell its gold reserves to buy Bitcoin. We are nearing the end of the year with both gold and silver experiencing their largest gains since 1979 while crushing both the S&P 500 which is up about 14% this year and Bitcoin which is down 8% in 2025. And as this happens, metals are showing absolutely no sign of slowing down as countries and institutions around the world scramble to stockpile both metals on the backdrop of central banks returning to using gold as the leading reserve asset and silver being added to the US critical minerals list, which has not so mysteriously coincided with a massive move up in price for silver, which was still below $50 an ounce on November 6th when the news about it becoming critical was made official. And this is precisely why gold and silver, in the midst of what people are calling a transformative AI boom that will change the world forever, are still growing their share of the top 10 assets when measured by market cap against companies like Nvidia, Google, and Microsoft with the metals now representing more than 59% of the total value on this list with silver which I have said will take the second spot on this list in 2020. 26 having briefly passed Microsoft for the fifth spot this past week before the big Friday smackdown. And the reason I think this is happening, as I've said in past content, is because the monetary system itself is also experiencing a massive transformation right now. And it's got some people concerned about the speed at which everything is happening. So, in this video, I want to honestly and rationally discuss whether or not gold and silver are moving too quickly and if we should be concerned about the sustainability of these gains. Then, I want to reveal what the next big price levels I think you should all be looking out for on gold and silver are. And we'll finish by revisiting a topic from one of my first ever YouTube videos. and that is how much gold and silver I think you need as a minimum entering 2026. So watch to the end for that. Now just before we dive in, please check out summitmetals.com for great prices on gold American Eagles and 1oz Krueger rand which are selling at a great price right now at only 1.2% above spot as I am recording this video. And while you're there, if you're new to Summit Metals because you want to support the work I do here on YouTube, remember that new customers get this 5 oz silver package at spot when using code new customer at checkout at summitmetals.com. Okay, so diving in the trap a lot of people get caught in when they hear that gold is having its biggest year since is assuming that just like 1979, the end of the bull market is near. But what they tend to forget or just don't know is that if you ranked gold's 2025 performance versus the best years of the 1970s, 2025 would only be the fourth best year for gold behind 1973, behind 1974, and yes, behind 1979. And what I think this suggests is rather than this being the end of something for gold like it was in 1979, it's likely the beginning of something big like it was in 1972 and 1973. which the big picture macro situation suggests is true as the biggest buyers of gold, the central banks who are not trading gold for profit but rather taking gold supply out of circulation as they hold it in reserve. They made their largest purchases this year in the month of November, confirming a suspicion I had shared with you all during the November price pullback where I said they did the exact same thing when prices pulled back at the end of last year. And this tells me that the fundamentals are strong and the speed at which gold is moving right now is not cause for concern. Now, switching over to silver, the situation is admittedly a bit different. And we're going to look at this in multiple ways to get a better picture of what's going on here. Starting with price growth in each year since 1968. Because unlike gold, the 2025 performance for silver actually stands out with it being the second best performance since 1971 coming in just below 1979 when silver price went up by 361%. That said, for people claiming we've entered bubble territory for silver, what I think we're experiencing is rather the bursting of what I have called a reverse bubble for silver in the past. Because where gold has already been making new nominal highs in all global currencies since the end of 2023, silver only achieved that last month when it finally beat its 2011 high when measured in Swiss Franks. So, objectively speaking, silver still has 2 years of catching up to do on top of still having to beat its inflation adjusted highs based on official CPI data, which gold has already done. And I measure based on average price, as many of you probably know. I do not measure based on 3 days in January 1980 because that is not long enough to establish a meaningful base and it's not intellectually honest. Which means for silver to realistically take out its inflation adjusted high, we are talking about a minimum of $81 an ounce, but probably closer to 100 if we factor in more realistic inflation figures. And what we should expect to see as we make that move up to beat the inflationadjusted highs driven by of course all the demand that compelled the US Geological Survey to classify silver as critical to begin with is a significant increase in the average price of silver which in the 2020s as you can see here is up only 26% versus the previous decade as it massively underperforms gold which is up 63% on an average basis in the 2020s and is still far behind the average price gains it made in the 2000s versus the 1990s as well as the 141% increase in average price it made in the 2010s versus the 2020s. And this is why I think silver price, as is the case with gold, is only playing a game of catch-up right now as it breaks out of its reverse bubble. And the speed at which silver price is rising doesn't concern me too much as a result, even though it comes with some additional volatility. Now, moving on to the next price levels I'm looking for on gold and silver since I obviously think these moves are sustainable. If we take a look at the gold to silver ratio, you'll see that from October 10th to December 9th, we dropped from 80 to 70, coinciding with a silver price increase from about $50 an ounce to $60 an ounce. Now, assuming that we make another 10-point move to the downside on the gold to silver ratio, we can roughly assume that silver price at a minimum will reach $7343 an ounce if it mirrors that October to December move. And when we look at things on a technical basis, that $7374 price target lines up very well with where the upward resistance level would be once silver enters its new trading channel with $58 an ounce being the current downside support level. So, as things stand today, I just want to say that I still see more upside opportunity for silver than downside risk. Although volatility will remain and I am looking for silver to get to about $74 an ounce before we hit our next major level of resistance. Now if we apply those targets for silver to the gold to silver ratio which is now approaching support at the February 2021 lows of around 65. I think once we get past the $4,400 level on gold, which is right around its current all-time nominal high, we should be looking at $4,810 per ounce as our next upside target. And with the 50-day moving average for gold, which has acted as a great support level during this bull run, now above $4,100 an ounce. As is the case with silver, I see much more upside opportunity for gold, then I see downside risk. Now, just before we get to how much gold and silver you need to be safe entering 2026, please remember that it's not only gold and silver I own to protect myself, but it's also land that you can stand on, grow things on, and even hunt on. And from today till the end of the year, channel partner landofland.com is waving premiums and documentation fees for my viewers on any property you win at auction, making land just as easy, but even more affordable to get than before. also making it a great gift idea to surprise the preppers and hard asset stackers in your family. So, I will leave the link to their auction in the description below and you can also reach them at the number on the screen. But remember, owning hard assets that cannot be printed by the Federal Reserve is the best prep you can make and the best time to make it is before the Federal Reserve starts printing. So, moving on to this video's viewer question, which I assume is the most anticipated part of this video. The question comes from a viewer named Rit Outs and he commented recently on one of my earliest videos which shows you all that I see the comments even from those old videos and the comment was about how much gold and silver I said people need to stack as a minimum to be safe and what he wants to know is if the numbers from that older video which is almost 5 years old now still apply today. So jumping in, one of the biggest myths in precious metals is that they only protect your savings and they don't actually go up in real terms because inflation offsets the gains. And I want to start by saying that is a complete falsehood. It is not true. And one of the examples I've used recently to demonstrate that is the price of a new iPhone measured in gold and silver versus the first iPhone. Which if we measure the price of the latest iPhone against today's gold and silver prices, it tells us that the price of a new iPhone has decreased by 75% when measured in gold versus 2007 and 68% when measured in silver. Now, for those of you saying that an iPhone isn't representative of an important real life situation, I have to admit, you're 100% right. So, let's take a look at maybe the most important real life situation, which is one that many people are complaining about these days, and that's home prices. Because when measured in gold, home prices are in a major long-term decline. And when I say long-term, of course, nothing happens in a straight line. So we see fluctuations from year to year. But since 2007 to today, the price of a median US home when measured in gold versus the period between 1990 to 2006 has declined from 457 ounces to 215 ounces, which is a 53% decline with gold making a new low right now of 95 o of gold for a median US home, which is even lower than the 103 ounces of gold you needed in 1980. Now, in the case of silver, which is shown in the thousands on this chart, we see the exact same thing as with gold, with the price of a median US home down 52% in the period between 2007 and today versus 1990 to 2006, with a median home priced in silver now approaching 6,400 ounces, which is the local low from 2011 based on average pricing, telling us that gold and silver do much more than just preserve your wealth because as the cost to make things comes down thanks to technological advances of course that ends up being reflected in prices when measured in gold and silver but not for fiat currency and it's why I say that metals do more than just protect your wealth they actually make things cheaper for you over the long term so now that we have that established in one of my first YouTube videos from 2021. I came on here to say that every person watching should aspire to get 5 ounces of gold and 200 ounces of silver, which were worth about $14,300 at spot price at the time. And I said that you should have that as a minimum to protect yourself as that covered roughly 3 months of expenses at the time according to average numbers from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. And what I said was having 3 to 6 months of expenses saved in precious metals is critical for each and every person to have in case of an emergency. Now, fast forward to today. At spot price, those metals are now worth almost $34,000 with spot price for gold having increased by 138% since I made that video, and spot price for silver up 136% since I made that video. And that means instead of having the 3.3 months of coverage, which is what it was back in 2021 when I made that original video, if you listen to me, you would now have 6 months of coverage according to updated numbers taken from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. And although it's now double the coverage I originally recommended, this number still falls within the 3 to six month range I said you should have yourself covered for. And for now, I still think this is a great target to set and a plan to achieve, even if it takes a few years to do so. And the reason is because, as I demonstrated just a moment ago, this is a long-term trend. And the earlier you position yourself to take advantage of it, the more you will benefit from it. So, with that said, that's it for this video. Please remember to let me know what you thought about this content in the comments section below and remember to leave me a question that I may answer in a future video. One thing I want to comment on before I end this video. Yes, I am appearing with my brand new YouTube silver play button which commemorates me reaching 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. Thank you to everybody who helped make that happen. Although I am showing it in this video, don't expect to see it in future videos as I want to make this more about the content and the message rather than my own personal accomplishments. And to be honest, my wife already has four of them. So, in this household, it's not really that much of an accomplishment. But, you know, before I end the video, I will thank you all for making this happen and for coming here each week to see my content. And if you see the value in my content and again if you think there are people in your life who need to hear this message please don't be shy share my videos with them as it helps continue this channel on the path of growth. So with that said I want to wish you all a fantastic week ahead. Remember please to take care of yourselves and take care of each other. See you all in the next video. Goodbye. 
