 Hi, this is Daniellea Cambone. Welcome back to the show. Our final show before Christmas. And what an explosive day it's been. Gold shattering yet another all-time high, surging past 4,400 an ounce. for closing in on 4,500 and silver marching towards 70 bucks, delivering its best year ever. Basically, today I'm thrilled to welcome back the legendary Jim Records, best-selling author and monetary expert. He's here to break it all down. We'll dive into the chaos unfolding in Europe, [music] the massive gold move shaking global finance, and the game-changing rise of bricks and their gold back strategy. So without further ado, Jim, always good to have you on and I couldn't have picked it or timed it better. Welcome back. >> Thank you, Danielle. Great to be with you and merry Christmas to you and and the audience. >> Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Uh a very merry one for for the gold and silver bugs. Like I said in the intro, Jim, gold hitting another new all-time high and silver marching towards 70. Let's start by getting your take on what's behind these explosive moves. Just side note, I don't, you know, I I I tweeted like that Bloomberg headline and of course they always get the narrative wrong. They just say, "Oh, it's because of the the Fed, you know, Fed rate cuts coming and whatnot." But we know there's so much beneath the surface. So, what's your take here? >> Well, first of all, you're exactly right. The Fed is practically irrelevant in a lot of ways, not just the price of gold, but in terms of monetary policy and so forth. We don't have time to do a deep dive on the Fed. Maybe some future show, but I would Yeah, you're right. That's just some Bloomberg writer trying to get get through the day. Uh Fed has nothing to do with it. There are drivers of gold. There are fundamental drivers. Now, some of this is momentum. It gets going and people jump in, but we're not we're not at the crazy uh you know, momentum stage where, you know, as a retail outlet, people were lined up around the block. I mean, some places, but we're not not we're not there yet. But there are some really deep fundamental things driving gold. One of them we've talked about before. Central banks are net buyers. that that tipping point uh transition that that was in 2010. From 1970 to 2010, central banks were net sellers. Since then, they've been net buyers, but the number of central banks joining in and the amount of net buying has continued to increase. So, that's just a good fundamental driver and it's important for investors because central banks are actually pretty smart buyers. They they mess up other things, but but they're pretty good when it comes to buying gold. They don't chase the price, but they kind of put a floor under it. No guarantees, but uh you know, they they buy the dips to use a cliche. Uh you know, Russia is a good example. They're very transparent. Um they they would just put in a standing order, you know, 10 10 tons a a month or whatever. They didn't want to disrupt the market, but if they see a dip, they'll buy it. So, you you've got to it's great for investors because you have all the upside, but the downside is kind of limited because the central banks will step in. So, that's number one. Number two, good oldfashioned supply and demand. Um the supply has been flat for 7 years around 4,000 metric tons a year. Up up up a little bit, down a little bit. I'm not saying peak gold or gold output. There are no more gold mines. They're out there. Although they are getting harder to find and more expensive to to uh to mine, but um but demand keeps going up. So at least where I went to school, when demand goes up and supply is flat, the price goes up, that's how you uh that's how you make the market work. um institutional investors are dipping their toe in the water. Not and the thing to understand about institutional investors now I'm talking about sovereign wealth funds, endowments, uh you know big mutual funds and so forth. Their allocation to gold is tiny. It's it's like 1 or 2%. You would think maybe it it's 5 to 10%. It's not 1 to 2% is the right order of magnitude. If they just went from, let's say, 2% to 3%, that's not a that's not like a huge move, but just going from 2% to 3%, the amount of dollars involved was so large that I mean, there's not enough gold in the world at these prices. That would that's something that would shoot the price even higher. That's starting to happen. So, um, and then the fourth element I would I would list is, um, you know, we still have, you know, bombs and missiles, but a lot of 21st century warfare is financial warfare. uh and this a lot started with u the the effort of really the EU but the US was involved at the early stage to steal $300 billion dollars of treasury securities from Russia that were the Russia bought them legally made the money on oil bought them legally put them in a custodian in Brussels called Euroclear um but when the war broke out in 2022 those were frozen that's to be expected but but Europe took steps to steal them and use them as collateral for a loan to Ukraine so Russia would be financed ing that, you know, Ukraine in a war where they're fighting Ukraine. It was a crazy idea. It it seems to have died down, but it was out there discussed for years. Well, if you're Saudi Arabia or Japan or Taiwan or Brazil or any large any large holder of US Treasury securities, you're looking at that and saying, "Hey, what if the US doesn't like something I do? What if I'm on the blacklist someday? Um, maybe I ought to diversify into gold." And they're doing that. So, so you have, again, I'm not saying they're dumping treasuries. That that that narrative is is not true. Um, but as new reserves come in, they are buying more gold. So, the these are really fundamental things that are uh that are pushing the price up and they're going to keep it there. >> Excellent, excellent um uh breakdown of that. We'll jump right back to the interview, but this is too important to skip. The real risk today isn't just a market crash or recession. It's the US dollar being reset. revalued and losing all purchasing power. Prices keep rising, incomes can't keep up, and central banks around the world are buying record levels of gold because they see what's coming. You can't fix the system, but you can step out of the line of fire and position yourself the same way they do, like a central bank, not a common investor. That's why we built the private wealth playbook. It's free and it shows you exactly how to protect your wealth, privacy, and retirement [music] through whatever comes next. So, click below or go to dannyreport.com and secure what's rightfully yours. Curious to really understand what you think is driving silvers. It's simply following gold. I mean, it looks way more than that from my perspective, Jim. Is it China driving the story? What are your inside sources telling you, Jim? >> Well, China uh actually does like silvering. They've been buying enormous amounts of gold. We've talked about that. But uh historically, China has always treated silver as a precious metal. In fact, until fairly recently, they settled their their balance of trade in silver. That's uh and they like that. So, they're part of it, but there's a lot else going on. We don't know all the facts, but there have been some supply disruptions in the London market. Um and the uh the lady named Blle Masters, she was the head of commodities trading for JP Morgan for a very long time. She's moved on to other things now, but she wants she was referring to gold uh but it applies to silver. She said gold never settles. And what she meant by that was if you look all the paper transactions forwards, futures, options, unallocated u you know agreements, you know, etc. with banks. The amount of paper gold, but this would be true of silver also relative to the physical supply is probably 100 to one. So, as long as everyone's rolling the contracts over, not demanding delivery, etc., the market works fine. But the minute some segment of the market says, you know what, give me the silver. Give me the I want physical delivery. >> All of a sudden, the the commodities exchanges and the warehouses, uh, you know, the custodians are saying, wait, we don't have that much silver. They have to go get it. I'm not saying there's been a default, but what I'm saying is all of a sudden there's a scramble on the physical side to keep up with the paper side. you can never keep up with the paper side. It's way too big. So then you get into the dynamics of a short squeeze. So that's that's driving it. But I've said all along um you know, if gold's going where I expect and I I've sort of I've given a forecast to my readers of my newsletter with strategic intelligence of uh $5,000 by the end of 26. I called my editor the other day and I said we have to publish quickly because I'm going to hit that before we publish the forecast. But >> I was going to say, are you going are you going to move that forecast now? Well, I probably probably will. I mean I mean candidly, uh it would not surprise me, not even a little bit, to see $10,000 goal before the end of 2026. I think we will. I I like to be I like to be conservative in my written forecast because, you know, it's it's good to be right. But yeah, but $5,000 is within reach, but but $10,000 would just come as as no surprise for gold. But >> because you always said, wait, sorry, Jim, I just want to give you kudos here. You've always said since I've known you, once we hit $4,000 gold, you said sky's is the limit. >> That's right. And it's a very there's kind of like a fifth grade math issue here. It's not complicated, but so people think of the dollar price, you know, $100 an ounce for $1,000 an ounce. And let's say you have 50 ounces and a gold goes up $1,000 an ounce. Well, you just made $50,000. And if it goes up another $1,000 an ounce, you just made another $50,000. That's true, but people get anchored on the $1,000 benchmark and making $50,000. But what they forget is that each $1,000 uh benchmark is easier than the one before because you're working off a higher base and it's a smaller percentage. And just to give a concrete example, when you go from $3,000 to $4,000 an ounce, that's a 33% gain. But when you go from $9,000 to $10,000 an ounce, that's only 11%. That's like a good week the way gold's been going. So my point is you're like, "Hey, it took a really long time to get from 3,000 to 4,000." Which is true, but so therefore it's going to take forever to get to 10,000. That's not true because it'll go it'll it'll make its way to five or six, but it's going to go 7 8 9 10 really quickly. >> And if that if so if gold goes there, you wouldn't be surprised if silver went where? >> So silver's along for the ride. You at that point you're looking at $200 an ounce. I mean that that's not even a stretch. The the people talked about the gold to silver ratio. You can calculate it. It's just a number. There is no fixed ratio. This this goes back to some 19th century lobbying campaign by silver miners. People talk about 16 to1. That was a that was a political lobbying thing. There's nothing natural about it. Having said that, there's no way gold's going to where we're talking about5 to $10,000 now. So silver is not going to move also, which it will. So, so $200 silver would be in the same um vein as uh as gold going to, you know, to $10,000 an ounce. >> It just feels like to me, Jim, that silver is almost finally able to shine through and is showing its true price. Somehow, it's broken free of its chains. >> Yeah, I agree with that completely. Silver lags. I mean, gold will lead the way, but silver and silver's along for the ride, but it does lag. But now the lag has caught up and silver has taken on a life of its own. >> Okay, I couldn't wait to bring up this talking point. I couldn't wait to have you on to talk about this. Obviously, I'm a little biased, but there's been a lot of drama in Italy lately, as I'm sure you know, Jim, with lawmakers from Georgia Melon's party pushing through an amendment declaring Bank of Italy's massive gold reserves, the third largest in the world, by the way, as belonging to the Italian people. belonging to the Italian people despite push back from the ECB. Massive push back. What's really going on here? Is this a populist movement or a serious step toward greater national control over these reserves? I mean, hey, that gold would really help pay off Italy's debt, massive debt. >> Well, uh I think I think you put your finger on both issues. Number one, it is a populist movement. Georgia Maloney is a kind of right-wing populist, I would say, more populist nationalist, but she's very good politician and she's kind of staying in bounds, not going, you know, full MAGA, so to speak. Uh, but um but this is one that we're definitely she's appealing to the populist f. But you make a very important point. I mean, for example, who owns the US gold? We have 8,133 tons. Who actually owns it? Well, the answer is the US Treasury, although half of it in Fort Knox and half of it is in West Point. So I always say the US army owns it because there are two army forts. But um the US Treasury technically owns it which is part of the executive branch. So it's kind of the people's gold. But when the central bank owns it, uh you know, then you have to say, well, who controls the central bank? Who's really in charge of that? And they subordinate to the ECB. And all she's saying is, hey, it's Italy's gold. By the way, a very um fascinating comment. This goes back about 10 years, but it's it's out there. You can find it. Mario Draghi was the head of the ECB >> but before that he was head of the bank of Italy which is the central bank of Italy >> and he was giving a speech at Harvard and they were talking about gold and somebody asked him a question you know well what about uh uh you know you were head of the bank of Italy what about Italy's gold and he never he said I never sold one ounce of gold because I considered it a hedge against the dollar now here's the head of the later the head of the ECB the head of the bank of Italy a full globalist, you know, no one doubts Mario Drag his credentials, but he said, "I considered it a dollar hedge." And it is. So, uh, so even uh, even the globalists understand it. >> Yeah. I just think it's interesting. I mean, is Georgia Maloney afraid that the ECB is going to say, "Oh, this gold belongs to all of us." I mean, is there a clear stake here that, you know, what's Italy's is Italy's, what's France is France, what Germany's Germany's? >> Yeah. Well, first of all, it's consistent with something else that's going on, and I agree with you, Danielle. This this is this is a tug of war between globalist institutions like the ECB. >> Yeah. >> And national and the people of Italy basically. But there's something else going on at the same time in in the same vein, which is one by one these central banks in Europe. And by the way, pe people know about the ECB, but they forget that all these countries still have central banks. I mean there is a central bank of the Netherlands, central bank of Italy, uh the the Bundes Bank in Germany, etc. Those institutions still exist. They have less of a monetary role, but they're but they're still around. But one by one, these banks are calling up the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and asking for their gold back. Wow. >> A lot of that gold, all the go, not all the gold in the world, but a big portion of all the official gold in the world, about um 10 20%. >> Is in the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in a vault. It's about 6,000 metric tons there. Well, one, but you see Germany, Netherlands, Italy say, "Hey, give us our gold back." Number one, >> the Russians were smart. They kept it in Russia. They they never put it in New York to begin with, of course. Um, so there's a little bit of a run on the Fed when it comes to gold, >> number one. And then number two, when it gets home, uh, back to, you know, Rome or, you know, the HEG or whatever, who owns it? Uh, and that's that's exactly what you're pointing at. But yeah, I think I think Maloney is going to prevail on this, but it is part of this nationalist wave uh, that that's going on, >> right? And and it it works. It's appealing to the people, right? Belonging to the people. Okay, just staying on the topic of Europe. Just one more point because I know there's a lot of headlines going around our industry, Jim, about how Europe is final finalizing preparations for a new gold standard. Now, personally, I think that the likelihood of the EU dismantling is is greater than this. I don't see the EU countries working together towards a gold standard. Maybe I'm wrong, but have you heard anything about this? >> No. And I don't I don't think that's realistic. Um, look, if you want a gold standard, you need some gold. uh and these these countries have you know a fair amount of gold. I mean Ger Germany, Italy and France are kind of you know second, third and fourth on the list. US is number one. Uh China officially [snorts] they say they have about 2,800 metric tons. There's good reason to believe they have a lot more than that but no one knows quite how much. >> But if you go by the official numbers uh Italy, France and Germany are like number two, three and four, then Russia's Russia is not far behind. So they have an enormous amount of gold but they also have enormous money supply. So you you need some ratio of gold to money uh to maintain a gold standard. It doesn't have to be 100%. The Austrian economist you bang the table it's got to be 100%. No it doesn't. I mean historically 20 to 40% has been enough. The UK in the 19th century was about 20%. US in the first half of the 20th century was about 40% and then we lowered it to 25%. And now it's about u uh you know seven or 8%. I mean it's it's relatively small. So you need a lot more gold to have a gold standard. So no I don't see the the the your other point Danielle about the EU possibly breaking up. That is definitely in the cards. I just returned from uh >> yeah I was in Slovenia and Bosnia Herszuggavina um a few weeks ago uh basically lecturing on gold and magnanomics. But um for the Slovenian audience, I was in Ljubljana and they said um I said what you should do, what I recommended to them and their head of the central bank was there. There were some senior government officials. They said quit the EU, >> quit NATO. >> Um go back go back to your own currency. >> Uh have a sort of a currency board. The kind of thing Steve Hanky recommends. He's an expert on that. and um yeah link and then have half your reserves in gold and half your reserves in dollars and maintain a currency board because Slovenia I mean it's a tiny country with only about two million people but they have a lot of natural resources they have nuclear power they're a trans shshipment point they have a lot of highly educated workforce I said the EU is dragging you down you know Germany's committing economic suicide France is not far behind um Germany you know I I bought a German a new German card not long ago and I checked the specific ifications and the engine was made, the car was made in Germany, but the engine was made Hungary and like, well, that's okay. You know, the Hungarians are they're smart and they're good engineering and all that, but why on earth is a German auto manufacturer outsourcing the engine to Hungary? And the reason is the energy costs because Hungary still gets natural gas from Russia. Germany blew up the Northstream pipeline. So, they're they're they're relying on windmills. So, they're basically destroying their own economy. But places like u uh the Slovenian I would put Italy in well Italy is much richer of course but uh the point is they're better off without the EU. >> No comment but [laughter] I I would have to Jim. Okay. This might be something that's more realistic then and I want to get your thoughts on the bricks just launching a pilot for the unit. It's a trade settlement instrument reportedly 40% backed by physical gold and 60% by basket of bricks currencies built on blockchain to bypass the dollar. You've been warning about a bricks gold link system for years. So, how big a deal is this? How realistic is it? What's your take? >> Uh, as far as I can tell that the unit is um it might be real, but it's not it's not the bricks. It's not official. I mean some somebody is some crypto promoter is behind it and maybe you can go buy one but that's not the official bricks currency. Now what the bricks are doing >> they're not launching a bricks currency but they have built a bricks payment system. That part is true. So the the the pipelines you know the the fiber optic and high-speed digital connections settlement clearance um message traffic the swift equivalent. They have built all of that and they are rolling that rolling it out. Uh they're basically leaving Swift and Fed wire and New York clearing house. They're leaving all that behind. They're building their own uh systems. Now these are communication systems. They're ledgers settlement. It could be blockchain based and blockchain has been around since the 80s. That doesn't make it, you know, crypto per se. So they built the infrastructure. Now you can have bilateral trade between Russia and China. I mean there are I think bricks are now up to like 12 11 or 12 members. But there's a waiting list of 17 countries. They're growing pretty quickly. So you can have all this bilateral trade going on. Um so let's say Russia's buying manufactured goods and semiconductors from China. China's buying oil and natural gas from Russia. So Russia pays in yuan and China pays in ruples. Uh and the central banks are building up these balances that that do have to be settled up periodically. They don't have a common currency. Uh so how do you do that settlement? I mean, Russia is going to be up to their eyeballs in yuan. If China keeps, you know, paying them in yuan, how much do you really need? The answer is they do have a common currency. It's gold. It's not the unit. It's not a new bricks currency. It's gold. Because gold is um I mean, ironically, you can convert it into dollars, you know, in real time. Um so, let's say I owe you a bunch of ruples and you owe me a bunch of yuan. Uh first of all, you can settle on a net basis, not a gross basis. So the net number is much smaller. You don't have to settle in real time. You can do it quarterly or twice a year. And you can settle it in gold. I'll just say, "Okay, Danielle, you the balance is in your favor. Here's a certain amount of gold done." And we all agree that gold is money good and and it's easy to um to value based on global markets. So when people say when is the bricks currency coming, I say it's already here. It's called gold. >> Well put, Jim. just wrapping um you know this is part of our outlook series. So for listeners you know stacking physical gold and physical silver right now. What's your top advice as we head into the new year? >> Well uh I would buy I would buy gold and silver. I I have both. I recommend it to uh investors. And the question I hear a lot Danielle is like hey Jim you know you said to buy gold uh when it was 700 or you know 1,200 or 1300 I didn't do it. I didn't do it etc. I've missed the rally. >> And my answer is, you missed $3,000, but you have not missed the rally. It's going to five and then 10 sooner than people realize. It's not too late to get in. Even if you're buying gold at $4,500, uh, you know, which is, you know, about where it is today. If it goes to 10,000, you still double your money. And it could go a lot higher than that. I don't have to sit here and make >> $20,000 forecast. But if you said, "Is that insight?" Yeah. So, uh, so yeah, you're you're a little late to the party, but the party's just getting going and, uh, it's going to last a long time. >> It just seems like yesterday I had you on when gold hit 3,000, Jim, and you're you said I remember I said people are saying, "Hey, Danielle, my friends were calling me. Should I get in $3,000 goals? It's too expensive." And you said you're going to wish gold was at 3,000 in a few months from here. And you were absolutely right. >> Um, just wrapping here, Jim. Uh, I want to know what your plans are for Christmas. What happens in the Rickard's household? >> Uh, we're gonna we're going to be close to home. Uh, we're we live in New Hampshire and have a huge family. My wife's one of eight. I'm one of six. So, lots my kids have 34 first cousins. So, we'll have some family around and just kind of a a quiet but joyful Christmas celebration. Looking forward to it. >> Now, what does Christmas mean to you, Jim? For you? Uh well, it's the birth of Jesus. It's Jesus' birthday and uh he's uh you know, brought light to the world and uh that that light is still shining. And so I I do tend to um you know, we we we get caught up in the the the wrapping paper and the ribbons and the gift giving and all that and that's fine. But yeah, let's not lose sight of the original meaning of it. It's uh uh when when Jesus arrived in the world. >> Well, merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family. Thank you always. I appreciate you coming on uh this explosive uh and amazing day for gold and silver investors. A lot of happy people out there, but like you said, uh you know, this is an important time to always let the light shine in. We still have plenty of darkness in the world. So, it's always remember, it's always important to remember what really matters at the end of the day. And I am thankful for for [music] having friendships like yours in my life, Jim. So, thank you and merry Christmas. >> Thanks. >> And thank you all for watching. We'll have more great content [music] coming your way. But we'll see you back here December 29th. In the meantime, merry Christmas to all our our viewers watching, but wishing you all the best. 
