 For most of us, our MMO has always been pretty simple. Follow what they do, not what they say. >> If you look at the group of people who meet through the BIS, >> what's that? >> The BIS is the Bank of International Settlements and it's the Central Bank of Central Banks. >> Where is that located? >> It's in Basil, Switzerland. And um it has 63 of the most powerful uh central banks as its members. And the New York Fed and the Fed are both shareholders. We've relentlessly tracked the central banks for years and the breadcrumbs have painted a pretty clear picture. But what I'm about to show you isn't just a crumb, it's a chunk. Even the mainstream media are starting to cotton on to the current state of affairs. The second contrarian take is that I think the central banks will realize that there are limitations to gold and limitations to Bitcoin and will as a result seek out a completely new cryptographic paradigm. >> But the question remains, what technology are the central banks going to choose? Well, today we're going to look at what the macdaddy of central banks is doing, the BIS. one sentence. What's the What's the purpose of the Bank of International Settlements? >> Okay, so there are two things you need to know about the Bank of International Settlements. >> I'm not sure my brain's big enough for this, but keep going. >> It is. >> Okay. >> It has sovereign immunity. >> What does that mean? >> It's above the law. >> It's its own country, >> right? It's its own country. It has its own police force. And essentially, other than one of its staff being in a car accident or, you know, minor things, no one has the legal authority to move against it. In September last year, The BIS released a presentation that nearly everyone missed. It only has 3,000 views on YouTube, and it unveiled perhaps the largest clue to their future state ever. >> So when we started the project, we articulated the following hypothesis. So by implementing the corresponding banking model on a programmable platform we can increase efficiency lower cost and reduce risk associated with crossber wholesale payments. So project agora is a global public private collaboration important public private that aims to test a multicurrency unified ledger for wholesale crossber payments. It involves seven central banks, including those of five major currencies, and over 40 financial institutions. Project Agora explores how tokenization and smart contracts can make international payments faster, cheaper, and more transparent. tapping into a value pool of over $70 trillion of the current addressable market. The core idea is really to tokenize all forms of money onto a shared ledger enabling near instant atomic settlement of crossber transactions. >> Right? So why is it we want to increase efficiency, lower cost and actually also reduce risk? What are we talking about? Well, so one of the main problems in wholesale crossber payments for corporates is that they are slow. Transactions can actually take uh days to settle. They're costly. There's a multitude of fees uh that kind of reduces attractiveness I guess. And then they can also be opaque. >> Does that sound familiar? >> We can make crossber payments which are slow and expensive today. We can make them real time, very efficient, very low cost and that's good for the global economy. we can unlock trillions of dollars of kind of trapped capital to make the economy more efficient. >> We started building Ripplet with the thesis that crypto liquidity would eventually be able to support robust global payments, large payments. Ripplet was designed so that customers seeing the benefits of our fiatbased network could flip the switch to ODL once the market was mature enough. >> I mean, we even had Trump saying it last year after the Genius Act passed. Many Americans are unaware that behind the scenes the technical backbone of the financial system is decades out of date, many, many years out of date. But payments and money transfers are costly and take days or even weeks to clear. Under this bill, the entire ancient system will be eligible for a 21st century upgrade using the state-of-the-art crypto technology. >> These linguistic overlaps are not coincidence. They're all taken from the same playbook, the Ripple playbook. But here's where we get into the smoking gun territory. As you know, I always like to look at personnel overlaps to really gauge credibility. And boy oh boy, do we have some interesting overlaps. Remember what Katherine said at the top to Tucker? >> The BIS is the Bank of International Settlements and the New York Fed and the Fed are both shareholders. Well, we get our first little cherry when we find out that we have a former Ripple advisor, Michael Bar, that's active till 2032 on the board of governors of the Federal Reserve. Among him and a litany of other links to the Fed. We also know Agora is a collaborative effort between the BIS and the double if listed in the presentation. The same double if we've looked at in the Ripple Bible series, part three. Not far away now, by the way. So, make sure you subscribe and turn notifications on for that. So, if you recall correctly, you'll know that Anna Bowen is the chair of the double if background, the double if was founded by 38 major international banks. They came together to form a collective voice to negotiate with sovereign borrowers and with the IMF World Bank on debt restructuring. Very, very important economic amalgam. Anna Botton is an executive chair at Santander. We know of the litany of links of Santanda to Ripple, namely being a massive series B and C investor in Ripple, but also leveraging their technology. But it gets much deeper. Anna Bowen is also on the Bilderberg steering committee. The Bilderberg group, of course, planning for the new world order since 1954. She sits there alongside Peter Teal, Alex Karp. We've gone through the palunteer links in the ripple bible series part two and also Mr. Wenberg. Mr. Wallenburgg as you recall he is one part of the extremely wealthy Swedish billionaire family that sits also on the trilateral commission. So that's his brother Jacob Wenberg. His fund EQT is now boarded by Brooks Antwistle who is a former Ripple senior vice president. So we have a little chain reaction here in my eyes. Clear links, indirect links back to Ripple. And if that wasn't enough, I even got chat GPT to run a deep research to assess whether or not Ripple stack overlaps with what Agora is trying to do. And as you can see here, many of the goals and features of Project Agora strongly parallel Ripple's technology. the shared ledger for value exchange, the crossber speed and atomic settlement, the interoperability and multicurrency support, the tokenization and liquidity bridging, and the compliance and network governance. All there for Ripple. Now, a couple of logical questions come to mind. One, why wouldn't they just say Ripple and XRP? And the other, why can't they just build this thing themselves? Firstly, and most simply, they can't say it. whether that's because of NDAs or they really are just testing out the viability of the technology. And as for the building it themselves, we know this is very unlikely because they've clearly stated many times this is a private and public collaboration. Remember in history the TC IP the plumbing for the internet came out well before the internet itself and once selected it exploded. Same thing for Swift. It came into existence before all the banks jumped on board. Now the internet of value is about to be switched on and there's only one candidate in my eyes that fits the bill. I mean they even say it themselves. The project is currently in its final design phase which will then allow the BIS to issue an RFP to choose a technology partner. What's an RFP? It's a formal document a company or government agency issues to invite potential suppliers, vendors, or contractors to submit detailed proposals for a specific project or service. Basically, a help wanted ad. So, with the Clarity Act around the corner, Ripple being given the green light just this week in the UK, the litany of acquisitions that keep flying in every month, the stage really does feel set for it to not only just be chosen, but for the floodgates to completely open. If you enjoyed this video and want more exclusive content, go hop into my Patreon. I do weekly videos in there, Q&As's, more deep dives that I don't release on YouTube, and monthly giveaways. We'll be doing another monthly giveaway this month. And this month, we're going to be giving away the very limited edition RLUSD corduroy hat and a bunch of other things. So, every single month of 2026, we're going to be running giveaways in there. Go check it out. 
