 We're going to run the country until such time as we can do a safe, proper, and judicious transition. Carney is screwed. Welcome back to Moose on Loose. My name is David. Today we have Donald Trump has rolled in the troops and has captured Maduro from Venezuela. And well, this has major implications for Canada for Mark Carney. Let's jump into this. Starting this one off, we got this article from the Frasier Institute saying, "Dark clouds loom over Canada's economy in 2026." And this was written before this whole situation with Maduro. It says the overall picture is not exactly cheerful. Europe representing 1/5if of the global economy remains sluggish. Mark Carney continues tried to mimic and copy what Europe is doing. GDP projected to grow by 1.7% after inflation this year. Main reason in continued gains in consumer spending, which accounts for more than 35ths of all economic activity, which is pretty sad. After stripping out inflation, money spent by Canadians on goods and services is set to climb by 2.2% 2% in 2025, matching last year's pace. Solid consumer spending has helped offset the impact of dwindling exports, sluggish business investment since 2023. Lackluster housing markets, and this all ties in for what's happening here today, says the job market has lost steam. Unemployment among young people has skyrocketed with the economy showing little momentum. Employment growth will remain muted next year, as in this year. This was written just a couple days ago in 2025. Unfortunately, there's nothing positive to report on the investment front. Canada has underperformed both United States and several other advanced economies in the amount of investment per employee. The investment gap with the US has steadily widened since 2024. This was the outlook before Maduro's capture stepped into the picture here. What did the Liberals just post the other day? This is coming from December 31st. Look, a year ago, a lot of people had written us off. But because of you, because of the people in this room, we are stronger than ever. 8.6 6 million votes, the most votes for any party in Canadian history, the highest Liberal vote share in 50 years. >> That's because the NDP completely collapsed. This is all thanks to Jag Meet Singh. And there's nothing to hang your hat on. You should hang your hat on achievements, which he has none of. Also note the Liberals saying, "Chip in now to help build Canada even stronger in 2026. They're asking for Canadians taxpayer money even though they're sending our money over to Africa and Southeast Asia and Vietnam and all sorts of places." is like this is absolutely absurd >> because people believe in what we are building. Our budget, our plan reflects that. We are protecting our communities, our country, our way of life. We are building at home to empower Canadians and we are diversifying our partners abroad to create a more prosperous and a more independent Canada. coming from a guy who is chair of Brookfield with numerous environmental financial violations. A guy who was pushed to build a new pipeline and still no pipeline. There's anou which doesn't mean anything. And what do we have today? We've got the collapse of the manufacturing sector. Kirk, with this one, you don't realize how alarming Canada's manufacturing collapse is until you look at the manufacturing GDP per capita. Since 2005, Canada's manufacturing GDP per capita has declined 30%. 20 years of decline, the average Canadian produces less and less with no surprise as 25% of the workforce works for the government. And that's what we see here. United States on the top here and Canada here just continues to fall. So whether it's the housing market that's getting hammered, manufacturing jobs are being taken up, skilled workers are leaving Canada, today Nicholas Maduro has been captured by the United States wearing with none other than a fresh Nike jumpsuit here. Donald Trump announcing it. The United States of America has successfully carried out a large-scale strike against Venezuela and its leader, President Nicholas Maduro, along with his wife captured and flown out of the country. >> Used to launch a spectacular assault and it was a an assault like people have not seen since World War II. It was a force against a heavily fortified military fortress in the heart of Caracus to bring outlaw dictator Nicholas Maduro to justice. Nicholas Maduro on board the USS Emojiwa. Elon Mutz giving congrats here to President Trump for capturing Maduro. Now, let's just rewind 24 hours and see how this played out. Chinese officials went over to Venezuela to have talks with Maduro yesterday. This you can't make this stuff up. Here they are meeting with Maduro yesterday. [music] Furthermore, under the now deposed dictator Maduro, Venezuela was increasingly hosting foreign adversaries in our region and acquiring menacing offensive weapons that could threaten US interests in lives. And they use those weapons last night. [music] with. >> So yada yada yada they have their meeting here and what does Donald Trump do? He rolls in with the big guns and captures Maduro. He just sticking it to China here. Now this has huge implications for China, for Canada, for Mark Carney. I've been sounding the alarm on this. This is very bad for Canadian oil. >> As everyone knows, the oil business in Venezuela has been a bust, a total bust for a long period of time. They were pumping almost nothing by comparison to what they could have been pumping and what could have taken place. We're going to have our very large United States oil companies, the biggest anywhere in the world, go in, spend billions of dollars, fix the badly broken infrastructure, the oil infrastructure, and start making money for the country. And we are ready to stage a second and much larger attack if we need to do so. So, we were prepared to do a second wave. We needed to do so. We actually assumed that a second wave would be necessary, but now it's probably not. >> He's even saying it right here. This is all about oil. I've been saying this for the past 2 weeks. This is all about oil. We need a pipeline now. And we should be building a refinery as well. We should be getting a pipeline to Prince Robert being built right now cuz America is getting off of our oil. Mark Carney missed his window of opportunity here. He's absolutely screwed. He's already a failure. He's going to look even more like a failure here. It gets worse for Mark Carney though. So in response, Mark Carney is absolutely crickets. Has not said anything. Anita Nand came out saying Canada calls on all parties to uphold international law after US capture of Venezuelan president. The left are pushing back against Trump capturing this dictator Maduro. It's absolutely insane. You know, table salt posting this. The government here is absolutely terrified from we will not kneel before Trump to this totally non-committal wishwash. Since 2019, when Canada closed its embassy in Venezuela, we have refused to recognize any legitimacy of the Maduro regime and opposed its repression of the Venezuelan people, including the persecution of dissenters and particularly political leaders opposed to the regime in keeping with our long-standing commitment to upholding the rule of law and democracy. Canada calls on all parties to respect international law and we stand with the people of Venezuela and their desire to live in peaceful and democratic society. This is wishwash. Like what is this? >> Maduro and his wife will soon face the full might of American justice and stand trial on American soil. >> Canada is engaging with its international partners in monitoring developments closely. Canada's not doing anything. Let's get real. Aside from sending more of our money over to Africa where we can't audit it. That's what you're doing. This is a weak response. Mark Carney hasn't said anything. But Pierre Palev has come out strong with the right message here. Congratulations to President Trump on successfully arresting narot terrorist and socialist dictator Nicholas Maduro who should live out his days in prison. The legitimate winner of the most recent Venezuelan elections, Edmundo Gonzalez should take office along with courageous hero and voice of the Venezuelan people, Maria Corina Machado. Down with socialism, long live freedom. Of course, all the socialists in Canada are having a meltdown over this. Capturing a dangerous dictator is such a bad thing. Like this guy, former staffer, Canadian political. This guy's an absolute clown. Yes, Maduro is a dictator. That does not give US legal authority to bomb their country and kidnap him and his wife. I'm going to show you some stuff make these guys look so stupid. We got Abby Lewis running for NDP leadership here. The US has attacked a country, kidnapped its head of state, and is seizing its oil. Trump has invoked the Monroe Doctrine. >> And the Monroe Doctrine is a a big deal, but we've superseded it by a lot. They now call it the Donro document. I don't know is uh Monroe doctrine. >> This is the point of Canada to stand up, condemn this act of imperialism, reject impunity and the politics of brute force. State clearly that we do not support a US invasion in any way whatsoever. And this includes our oil companies and weapon industry. This is my position as candidate for leader of the NDP. Canada's response has shown why we need NDP. Polyv applauds Trump. Carney's government cannot muster a single word of criticism. Here we've got interm NDP leader Don Davies with more of the same thing. Patchchi helicopters attacking in the middle of the night. If true, this is flagrant breach of international law and rules-based system. The US claims to support Canada must strongly condemn it and call for immediate secession of aggression by the US against the sovereign state of Venezuela. Like this is so absurd. Supporting Maduro. We're going to run the country until such time as we can do a safe, proper and judicious transition. So, we don't want to be involved with uh having somebody else get in and we have the same situation that we had for the last long period of years. So, we are going to run the country until such time as we can do a safe, proper, and judicious transition. And it has to be judicious because that's what we're all about. We want peace, liberty, and justice for the great people of Venezuela. >> We have this guy, Will Greavves, political science professor, member of Parliament for Victoria, Canadian politics, Arctic climate people, as in this Will Greavves liberal, taking a shot at Melissa Lanceman here, who's saying the crossroads of terror lord activity, narot trafficking, and brutal dictatorship sits Nicholas Maduro, a criminal regime masquerading as a government. and he's saying, "What does this say about the Conservative Party that faced a major international crisis with deputy leaders? First reaction is to jump to conclusions and defend Donald Trump without waiting for full information due process." This is the first thing we've seen from any liberal basically pushing back against the capture of a dictator in Maduro. And as Jasmine says, who cares? Maduro needed to be captured. Period. Elevate saying, you know, where's where's Carney? Where's he hiding at? Where's Carney's response to this? We got Scott Reed. This is CTV Scott Reed in regards to Pierre Polyv supporting Maduro's capture. He says just pathetic. If Trump can invade any nation he desires, then any nation with something Trump desires like oil, rare earth minerals, or an increasingly navigable Arctic, can cause for alarm. We endorse Trump's ends justify the means method and we may live to experience it. He thinks that Trump is going to come conquer Canada. As Britney says, TDS, Trump derangement syndrome here. Scott Reed is out to launch again. Now, to combat all the stupidity from the left, I want to show you what Maduro and how his goons treat the citizens of Venezuela. I can't play the full video here because it's too bad, but basically, you can see a vehicle here driving towards a bunch of protesters. >> And I'm going to stop it there because you can guess what happens. This vehicle goes through all of these people and then it turns around on these people. And it's right here. This one, you can see two of them doing it. And then they drive away. And what's left are people on the ground. >> This is the kind of guy Maduro is. Avy Lewis and all these leftist people attacking Pierre Polyv for Maduro's capture. This is the kind of guy Maduro is where he'll send his people to drive over protesters. And it's important to point out here, this clip is from 2019. It's not a new clip, but Maduro's been in power since 2013. So it doesn't really matter that this is from 2019. It's not from yesterday or whatever. This is the kind of government that Maduro's running. And then of course you've got all the people attacking Polyv directly as if it's his fault. Like this guy Kevin Vickers, former ambassador of Canada to Ireland. Makes no sense to me. The consequences to Alberta and Canada's economy will be severe. Oil prices and shares of Canadian oil and gas companies will go down. Canadian shareholders hurt. Pension funds hurt. Don't get it. This has nothing to do with drugs. All to do with oil. Yeah. And this is not Polyv's fault. Maduro is a dictator. He should have been captured. Mark Carney should be building a pipeline to Prince Roert right now. He should be building one to the east coast. He should be building a refinery in Canada. This should have been started 8 months ago. This should have been started 10 years ago. We look at the oil reserves here. Yeah, Venezuela. They have a ton of oil. As in the largest reserves on Earth, Saudi Arabia, number two, Iran, Canada, we have lots of oil, too. But I mean, Trump is lining up that easy oil because Mark Carney didn't get a deal. And this is why he's screwed. Mark Carney's not making any comments cuz they don't know what to do. If Carney comes out and says, "Yeah, it's good they captured Maduro. All the left are already having a freakout." He's going to lose people to the NDP. And that's what Abby Lewis and these types are trying to do. They're trying to pull the support over. If he does the opposite, well then it looks like he supports a dictator reigning the iron fist over the people, which looks awful. He can't have it either way. He'll look awful no matter what he says. And on top of that, he we should be getting a pipeline built. He doesn't want to build a pipeline. He is screwed no matter what. And Canada's going to be screwed, too, which is awful. But maybe this is what we need to get rid of Mark Carney and the Liberals once and for all is to have another shock to our economy before we can finally start building this thing from the ground up. In addition, Venezuela unilaterally seized and sold American oil, American assets, and American platforms costing us billions and billions of dollars. They did this a while ago, but we never had a president that did anything about it. They took all of our property was our property. We built it and uh we never had a president that decided to do anything about it. Instead, they fought wars that were 10,000 miles away. We built Venezuela oil industry with American talent, drive, and skill, and the socialist regime stole it from us during those previous administrations. And they stole it through force. This constituted one of the largest thefts of American property in the history of our country. Considered the largest theft of property in the history of our country. Massive oil infrastructure was taken like we were babies and we didn't do anything about it. >> Brian Lily posting this. This is massive news of global importance. What it means for Canada economically isn't good. Venezuelan oil is similar to Canada's heavy bituin. The Americans will now need less from us as they scoop up Venezuelan oil. And that's just it. They can put on ships through the Gulf of Mexico or Gulf of America or whatever it's called over to Texas, pipe it over to the refineries and they're going to buy less from us. And this is going to be Mark Carney's fault for not making a deal, not building a pipeline. You know, he could have got Keystone XL fired up and signed that agreement and that would have already been the works right now. He didn't do that either. Carney is screwed. Politically, this will be bad for him on so many levels. So, I wonder if he's even going to come out with a response. He's just going to stay silent. He's going to go on vacation. Right now, fly around the world some more. This actually gives Alberta even more reason to separate from Canada. I don't disagree. This is going to further push that sentiment to separate. We see what just came out breaking in response to separation petition which was just approved. We've got sturgeon-like creation is suing Alberta, the chief electoral office in Canada, for failing to implement Treaty 8 and breaching it. I mean, this is turning into complete crap show here. And whether a few hundred, few thousand people of First Nations like it or not, the people of Alberta will decide what happens here. Same thing with the people of Quebec, whether they want to separate too. And Saskatchewan, I think Kirk has nailed it here. This will be one of the most interesting charts to watch. Any pivot from the US, from Canada's oil to Venezuela's will, will reduce Canada's KOMA negotiation strength and economic decline. This just nails it. Just before the KOSMA renegotiations, Trump is doing this to gain leverage against Canada. Carney should have made a deal. He is such a bonehead. This just gives Trump so much more negotiating power. We are absolutely screwed in this situation. And this is all Mark Carney's fault. People are trying to blame Polyv for supporting the capture of Maduro. This is all on Carney. this chart here, we're seeing US imports from Venezuela of crude oil and petroleum products as he's saying. So, this has been declining. We're going to see this start to spike upwards as America goes in there and starts building up the oil infrastructure and getting that oil out and making money with it, which will help Venezuela as well. >> Will make the people of Venezuela rich, independent, and safe. >> There it is. This is going to be good for the people of Venezuela. They're not going to push back against this. They're going to love Trump coming in there and beefing up their oil industry, but this is going to hurt Canada. Carney has to act now, but he's screwed. He has no way out. Politically, this is devastating for Mark Carney on so many fronts. >> And it will also make the many, many people from Venezuela that are living in the United States extremely happy. They suffered. They suffered. So much was taken from them. They're not going to suffer anymore. >> We've got this one here, crude oil production by country. You can see America is this big line here that just absolutely skyrocketed. That's from fracking. Russia is this green line. Saudi Arabia is this gray line. Canada is the red one down here. And Venezuela is the pink one. This one right at the bottom. This is going to spike. They have more oil than any other country. >> The illegitimate dictator Maduro was the kingpin of a vast criminal network responsible for trafficking colossal amounts of deadly and elicit drugs into the United States. As alleged in the indictment, he personally oversaw the vicious cartel known as cartel de las Solless, which flooded our nation with lethal poison, responsible for the deaths of countless Americans, the many, many Americans, hundreds. >> I mean, they're using that as the reason, but really, this is about oil. And sure, the side effect of getting rid of all the street candy flowing up there is great, too. But I mean, this is about oil. We've also got this one. China cannot be pleased about what's going on in Venezuela or Iran. This is crude oil consumption, production, and balance. China at the bottom here, a strategic vulnerability. United States is this big blue one here in the middle. Canada, the red one up here, strategic opportunity. Yeah, if we had a prime minister that was going to build our country, but he's not going to build a pipeline. He's not going to build refineries. He's not going to do any of this stuff. Keystone XL, all these things are off the table unless there's major concessions. Now, so going back to dumb posts from guys like this saying that this does not give the US legal authority to go and capture Maduro and all that. How do we think the people of Venezuela feel? Well, we don't have to guess. There's footage of them. It's all celebrations in Venezuela right now. I think they're pretty happy that Trump just went in there and captured him. 
