 I'm Gen Z. I'm 24 years old now. I don't know if I'll ever be able to own a home. And recently, I learned that the home ownership crisis goes way deeper than you think. I was doing some research and there was something that I personally realized recently that really blew my mind, but made me understand everything a lot better in terms of why things are the way they are with the housing market. And maybe this is something you might already know. Maybe you'll learn something new from this video, so stick around. Everyone already knows and talks about how housing prices have just gone up an insane amount recently. The median home is over $400,000. They're trying to do 50-year mortgages. The interest rates are really high. And of course, there are plenty of surface level reasons you can point to. Private equity and asset managers like Blackstone and Black Rockck. the influx of mass migration which puts a strain on the demand side of things, not enough starter homes being built on the supply side because everyone wants to go into luxury development. And obviously all of those factors do contribute a lot of course, but as you know on this channel, I always try to get to the root or the fundamental issue at the bottom of all of it. And there is something that I think on just a fundamental level is much deeper. The reason why housing is so expensive is because many powerful people have a vested interest in seeing home prices go up. And that's all because of a messed up incentive structure due to the speculative nature of the housing market. Now again, I don't know if this is something obvious that you already understand, but let's just run through a quick example, a quick scenario that'll help you understand it if you don't already. Because I'll be honest, I didn't understand it until recently. Imagine that you are a billionaire investor. You have more money than you could ever spend in your lifetime, and you need somewhere to park all that cash. The stock market can be volatile at times. The crypto market is completely unpredictable. So, if you're thinking of somewhere stable that you can put your money, well, the first place you'd look is real estate. something that will reliably grow every single year because housing is one of the most stable assets in the world as everyone needs a roof over their head at the end of the day. So, buying up properties is one of the safest investments you can make. How it works is you pour billions of dollars and you buy up homes on mass all across the country. But the catch is that in this case, you're buying them because you're treating them like stocks. So therefore, you want their price to go up, but at the same time, you're taking up a property that someone else could have lived in. You yourself are not living in it, and you're actively wanting the price to go up, which makes it even more unaffordable for someone who actually wants to buy the house to live in. Because again, when the housing market just becomes about investments really and you've put your money into these properties even though they're not actually being used physically, you want the prices of these homes to rise. You want them to become more expensive just for your own sake because every dollar that these homes appreciate means an extra dollar in your pocket. So, in the end, these rising home prices, they're devastating for normal people, especially a young family trying to find a place to live and raise their children. It sucks for them, but it's good for you. In fact, it becomes necessary if you want to maintain your wealth. That's why, like I mentioned at the beginning, it's a structure where many powerful people have a vested interest in seeing housing prices become more expensive. The root of the problem is this perverse incentive structure. And unless it changes somehow, I don't think homes are going to get cheaper. Unless there's a market crash or something. The point is that home prices, even though they're bad for you, they're bad for society at large. They're bad for the country, America. It actually happens to be good for the people at the top, the wealthy and the powerful who literally want these home prices to rise, literally want to price you out of the market. Homes are stocks for them and they need the prices to rise, even if it means inadvertently hurting you in the process. You're basically collateral damage to these elites. And then once this process becomes institutionalized, when you have private firms like Blackstone where thousands of wealthy investors can pull their money and pour billions of dollars into these funds, well then Blackstone and all these firms, they'll always have billions and billions of dollars ready to deploy on hand. So instead of even just buying up one home at a time, now they have the ability to literally buy up entire neighborhoods if they want it and outbid the average family who maybe wants to buy one of those houses. And then it becomes a cycle, too, because the person selling these houses now know that these companies have essentially unlimited cash. So they can artificially raise their prices and overvalue the homes because they know that, you know, they'll be bought up anyway by Blackstone. And then what drives prices even higher is when competing private equity firms get into the picture and they start bidding against each other, which raises the value of the homes even more. And before you know it, the entire market starts to shift upward. Just because these giant companies with virtually unlimited cash have now raised the price floor so high through first outbidding normal people, then incentivizing sellers to overvalue the homes, and then from competing against each other in these giant cross company bidding wars. And then the investors also come in like sharks again. They see these rising home prices, think it's a good investment, and they pour even more money into the housing market. They keep buying, selling, and flipping these houses. Every [snorts] time the value increases. So, do you see now? It's like the cycle just continues on and on. This is how the housing market is manipulated and prices normal people out of it. And I didn't know this for a long time. They didn't teach me this in school. I didn't learn it from the media, CNN, Fox News. Nobody tells you about this stuff. And the worst part yet is that there's actually something even darker than what I've just described. The darkest thing I realized about the housing market, if uh what I just talked about wasn't even dark enough, is that at the same time, many of these wealthy companies and individuals actually want you to not be able to afford homes. They want to price you out of the market completely because when you're priced out of the housing market, aka actually owning your property, then you're forced to rent. And rent is even more profitable for a landlord, a real estate company, a private equity firm. And guess what? A lot of those same companies that own all the houses, they also own a bunch of rental properties as well at the same time. So again, what happens when you can't afford a house? Well, you're forced to rent. But either way, the company makes profit. And it's worse because when you rent, they take your money every single month for the rest of your life. And at the end of the day, they don't even have to give you the property. You don't even own it. They still own it. That's why they say you'll own nothing and be happy. And through making these rental units smaller and smaller and cramming more people into one building, they can extract wealth from hundreds and thousands of people at the same time every single month again for the rest of their lives. That's how the system works. And that's why many of these people want to turn you into a rent cattle. Let's say with a single family house, even if you do have to pay a mortgage for 20 or 30 years, sure, you'll also have to pay a lot, but you'll eventually be handed over the property at that time, and you'll own it. You'll have something to your name forever that you can even pass down to your kids. But rent, on the other hand, is an endless trap where you have to keep making payments forever. It's literally the definition of you'll own nothing and be happy. Now, the craziest thing is that I haven't even gotten to the bigger picture yet on a societal scale. And I hope I can explain it in a way that makes sense. In 2026 and going into the next few years, we are being funneled into a two-tier society. As housing prices continue to rise, only the ultra wealthy will be able to actually own homes. And each of them will likely own multiple properties and have giant real estate portfolios. And this, let's say, top 1%, they'll control like 90% of the houses. And meanwhile, the rest of us will literally be herded like cattle into smaller and smaller studio apartments while those very same people who own all the homes are extracting money from us every single month. So once you see the system through this comprehensive lens, everything suddenly starts to make a lot more sense. The housing crisis was never an accident. It wasn't just inflation. It wasn't just bad luck. It's the predictable end result of a financial machine that treats shelter which is the most basic human necessity as a wealth extracting asset as a speculative investment as something that the most powerful people in the country want to see the price of increase. The logical endpoint of all this is that they don't care if we'll never be able to own a home. In fact, they'd rather have it that way because our struggle is someone else's profit. And ultimately, none of this will change unless the incentive structures change. Unless the system somehow changes in a fundamental way. As long as the people with the most money and power in society benefit from rising home prices, then rising home prices will continue. No matter how many families get priced out, no matter how many young people end up giving up, and no matter how many communities and neighborhoods simply collapse, I personally don't know what the perfect solution is. I'm not a politician. I don't think I ever intend to be. I'm just talking about all this because I do know one thing and I mention this all the time on my channel that the first step towards fixing really anything on a societal level is by understanding what's going on by having a collective consciousness of what's going on by having everyone understand. That's why I yap about all this stuff. It's about understanding the game, understanding the incentives, understanding who benefits. And even though I personally, at least yet, don't know what to do about this situation, I don't have a good idea for a solution, if this video can inspire one person out there to maybe come up with something or make a difference on this front, then my work will be worth it. As always, thank you so much for watching, and I hope you learned something new from this video. Again, maybe this was obvious to some people. The thing about how the housing market has become fundamentally speculative, but I'll be honest, it's just something that I didn't really know about before, but I know about now, and it really changes the way I think about things. As most of you guys know by now, but some people might not if they're new to the channel, I'm trying to do things very differently here. That's why every part of this video from start to finish is completely homemade. And that's also why you didn't see a sponsorship in this video because I don't take sponsorships. I don't do that. I don't try to sell you online courses or promote affiliate links or all of that stuff that other influencers do nowadays. But as a result of that, obviously I don't make a lot of money from this. So that's why all I ask is that if you've ever gotten some real value out of my videos and you'd like to support the channel so that I can continue doing this and continue speaking up about these kinds of topics, I'd really appreciate if you'd consider joining us on Patreon and channel memberships. We already have a cool growing community on those platforms. On Patreon, you can message me oneon-one. You'll be added to our community chat where you can talk to other like-minded people about some interesting stuff. And there's also a lot of bonus content, too, like some membersonly videos that I've also uploaded to Patreon. And also some Patreon exclusive videos that you won't find anywhere else. So, all of that literally for less than the price of a cup of coffee nowadays, and it all goes towards supporting the channel directly. Or if you don't want to go through the hassle of getting on a completely different platform, totally understandable. You can also join channel memberships right here on YouTube if you'd like. As a channel member, you'll get access to the entire archive of videos, which is just a ton of bonus content. Basically, I have entire playlists of previous videos that, you know, looking back on, they're a little bit embarrassing or just more personal and in-depth. I realized I didn't want to be sharing these things with the entire world maybe, so I made them private, but they're always available to channel members as a thanks for your support. Also, probably another 10 to 15 hours of live stream replays. I used to do live streams in the past. I'm thinking about bringing them back. Maybe I will, but what I used to do was they would all be public, but I'd just make them private afterwards. But as a channel member, you can watch all of them. And you can watch me answer questions in real time. Some very interesting questions. See some of the history of the channel even from way back in the day. But yeah, all of that is really cool stuff. And plus, you'll get the badge by your name in the comments as a channel member so that you know other people will notice you. I probably won't ever miss your comments and I'll try to respond to all of them. And last but not least, the second channel. Of course, I live in a really cool part of the country. I like to go on solo road trips whenever I can and just spend some time outdoors, hiking, camping, backpacking trips, just really wholesome stuff on there. Very different from the content on this channel and a different side of me as well. So feel free to check that out if that sounds like something you're interested in. That's for now though. I'll see you guys next time. [snorts] 
