 Islam has tried a lot of ways to conquer the West over the last 1400 years. By the sword, by the ship, by the bomb, by the night, now just through the migration policies of the European Union and the United States. Well, they're trying a new strategy, and I think it might be the most effective one of all. Islam is embracing thirst traps. [music and singing] Everybody, >> here is the Sharia thirst trap going viral on Tik Tok trying to win converts to the religion of Muhammad. >> Muslims taking over America. Did you know there are over 2,500 mosques in the United States right now? Muhammad is the top 10 most common baby name. >> Why don't you [snorts] pick a common name like a normal person? >> Muhammad is the most commonly used name on Earth. Islam is the fastest growing religion and has grown over 50% in the last 10 years. Plus, the mayor of New York City is a Muslim, the largest city in the whole of US. So is the mayor of Michigan, New Jersey, Texas, and Minnesota. The US ambassador for religious freedom that is literally the office that defends people's rights to practice their faith around the world. It's led by a Muslim. And on top of all that, there is more than 150 Muslim elected officials across 33 states. Is the US becoming a Muslim country now? What do you guys think? >> Yeah, I guess it will be. Uh, got to go. Got to go. Get out now, please. [laughter] Because she's right about the fact she Yes, the Muslims are coming here in huge numbers. They're retaining political power. uh they're having a ton of kids um in part funded by defrauding the welfare system and the Native American population, the Christian population uh has many many fewer children than the Muslims do. So yeah, Islam is taking over America through mass migration and the the strength of their political communities. That's true. Is that that doesn't seem like a great thing because then the the promise is that America can be like Somalia [music] or Iran or Iraq. or something like that. And I don't Is that I don't know. I to me that Tik Tok would have the opposite effect of the one she wants. Next one. No wonder the West hates Islam. Think about it. What's the biggest money makers right now in the West? You've got alcohol, gambling, weapons manufacturing, the sex industry, the financial system with the interest rates, cosmetics, fashion, music, Hollywood. But Islam cripples these industries. Gambling forbid it. Alcohol forbidden. Pornography completely forbidden. and their next interest is forbidden. So if Islam was in power, the current banking system would completely collapse. >> That's nothing to be proud of, Russi. >> At the end of the day, Islam has no commercial value. They hate Islam because it threatens their profits and their power. >> So she's right that a lot of those industries are bad. Like gambling should be restricted. >> On what ground? >> I'm shocked. Shocked to find that gambling is going on in here. >> You're winning, sir. >> Oh, thank you very much. Again, you know, Islam takes this extreme uh stance which says that, you know, you can't consume alcohol at all. Whereas, coincidentally, in Christianity, it's in a way, one could say that you can't practice Christianity without alcohol because of the the holy communion, because of the sacred wine, which becomes the body and blood of Christ. Uh, however, even beyond all of those points, yeah, I would be fine, you know, getting rid of the pornography industry. That would be wonderful. Those aren't the biggest money makers in the country, though. The closest she gets to is the financial industry and interest rates which you know Islam has that too. They just kind of circumscribe [music] it in a little way. Uh but I aren't bigger money makers like the energy industry for instance. I don't know. I guess and the Muslim countries have a lot of oil too. So that's that that that's all true. Now I'm not going to really I'm not going to knock Islam for uh you know it it's circumscribing certain vices. It just does seem to as as with all things it seems to go too far. You know, like thinkers from GK Chesterton all the way to Aristotle point out that you can sometimes heir in two ways. You know, you can fall in two sides of error and so you want to have a via media in the middle. Uh it's good, for instance, to encourage modesty among women. It's uh bad to murder your daughter for not wearing a headscarf. It's it's good to discourage drunkenness, but it is it is bad from, you know, totally condemning the fruit of the vine, which is, you know, an integral part of western culture and in fact actually the centerpiece of our Lord's first miracle at the wedding of Kaa but yeah I want that's we should get rid of of of pornography that's fine there we go we agree I agree with Islam on something next one >> did you know Islam was the first leadership to allow women the right to inherit and own property meanwhile in England and USA they saw women as property until the 20th century how does that work >> women have had plenty of rights in England and throughout the west for for a long time, long before feminism. Uh, now I I don't I'm no expert on the rights that women are afforded within Islam other than knowing that honor killings are prescribed by the Quran. So, I don't I'm not even one who really goes after, oh, the hijab is, you know, so terribly oppressive. I think hijabs can look kind of tasteful. But one thing I object to is when a woman doesn't wear the hijab and then her family murders her. I actually just sat down with a a lovely woman who left Islam. She studied in Madrasa, Sabatina James, and she explained that she was essentially a slave uh very nearly forced into a marriage with her cousin and on the run because her family tried to murder her for for deviating from Islam. >> In my case, he said, "We give you two weeks to come back and otherwise, please don't let us do what we have to do otherwise." >> So, I don't know. I think the this the the Sharia thirst trap might have a few facts a little off. Go to catholicmatch.com. [music] This episode is sponsored by Catholic Match. One thing that gives me hope [music] as the culture is failing is that there are faithfilled families who are [music] still churning out kids, raising kids who can turn things around. Here's the thing. That cannot happen if faithful Catholics are not getting married and having those babies. Now, young people, [music] even you know, the hardcore ones, the suit and tie tlmerers who [music] they're showing up, they say it's hard to date. I always say dating at the traditional Latin mass, the odds are good, but the goods are odd. Well, I have [music] a solution out there for you, and it's Catholic Match. Catholic Match is different. They're focused on sacramental marriage, not hookups, not endless [music] swiping. Actual marriage. It's the largest, most trusted Catholic dating app out there. They've built real [music] tools to help people build meaningful connections. The profiles go deep into what actually matters. Your faith, where you stand on the important stuff. If I were single right now and I were dating, I liturgical [music] preference. It does. It includes that. Plus, they offer live events for premium members. So, you can build those connections. Do it. It's great. Dating is fun. It's enjoyable to go out with women. [music] It's And there are even more enjoyable things you can do with women once you get married. So, do it. You know, let's hurry up here. Uh I I [music] love it. If you're uh looking, if you uh have tried and you've given up, don't. I love marriage. I'm very prom. [music] You should get it, too. God's providence might just surprise you. Download the app. Head to catholicmatch.com and find your forever. >> Hey, Muslims and Christians, I have a question. >> Yes. Is the Bible the word of God? >> Yes. Christians believe the Bible is the word of God. >> So Jesus wrote the Bible. >> No, his disciples did. >> Oh, and their names were Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, right? Actually, no. We don't know their names. Wait, so the authors of >> Yes, we do. It's Matthew. Give me a break. >> Yes. Their names were added later. There's actually no solid evidence that the Bible was even written by eyewitnesses or disciples. When was the Bible written? Well, the Gospels were written decades after Jesus. >> Also known as within living memory. No. >> So, what language was the Gospels first written in? Greek. Did the disciples speak Greek? Did Jesus speak Greek? >> No, they didn't. What language did they speak then? >> Aramaic. So Jesus taught all these sermons in Aramaic, right? Yes. Because Jesus primarily preached to villages and rural areas where Aramaic was the language spoken by the people of that region. Hang on a minute. Let me get this straight. So the Bible we have today is written by unknown authors in a language that Jesus didn't speak in his sermons and it was written years after his death. That's >> it wasn't written before his death. Lady, what do you think? >> So how can the Bible we have today be the word of God? Can I please say something? In the Quran chapter 546, we believe that the original gospel of Jesus is in fact the word of God. However, it has been changed and altered. That's interesting. What do you guys think? >> Okay. So, she says some right things, right? Which is, yeah, the Bible's written in Greek and you know, Christ and the apostles spoke Aramaic. That's true. One point though she makes is kind of silly. She says, "Did you know the Gospels were written after Christ's death?" Well, yeah. They wouldn't have been written before Christ. It's about it's about that you don't you [laughter] don't you don't write a a narrative before the events take place. Uh furthermore, she seems to understand what is meant by the word of God. The the Bible is written as an efficient cause by multiple authors. Obviously, you have the books of Moses, you have the books of the prophets, you have [music] Psalms, you have the Gospels, you have the epistles. So, no, it's not. The Bible in no way purports to be written by a single author. To say it is the word of God means that it is inspired scripture. It's inherent scripture. But the efficient cause, the guy with the pen writing [music] it down are are individuals throughout history crafting one narrative. So that I don't know, she just seems to be a little confused about what is even meant by by the Bible. Uh then she she goes on, she kind of embraces the historical critical ideas that we don't really know anything about who wrote the Bible or whatever. You know, it's kind of kind of silly. And uh furthermore, that the notion that within the Roman Empire and and the Greek world that people don't know how to translate is kind kind of silly. There are lots of cultures butdding up against each other all within one empire. And translation is not not so difficult a thing. Even beyond all of that, you notice that claim there at the end. She says, "Well, we believe in the gospel of Jesus. We just think that it was totally corrupted and we and it took an Arab 700 years later to figure out what it really meant." And [laughter] this is like every cult leader throughout history said, "No, no, no. We want the authority of Christianity. We just don't believe what Christians have believed continuously since the age of the apostles and since the incarnation. We just don't believe that because we know better. We a bunch of Arabs 700 years later. We know what was really going on in Jerusalem and in Bethlehem and Nazareth in the first century. And what's our evidence? Uh it came to me in a dream. That actually often is their evidence. It's like it came to me in a dream, bro. though that you know if you're going to question the uh accuracy of the gospels because they were written a few decades after the the events that they're describing wouldn't you have to question the Quran's account of the true gospel of Jesus uh that was written 600 600 years later or thereabouts in a totally different place in a totally different also in a totally different language that that would seem to be the case to me this is why why I find the uh Islam sing among Christians to be so odious because sometimes they'll say actually you know Muslims really admire Christ and they're they really admire Mary say no they don't they lie about them the Quran says explicitly that they they crucified him not the Quran denies explicitly the central event in the history of the world when Christ conquers death on the cross. How could you say the Quran is respectful toward Christ? They deny his divinity and his conquest of death and then they lie about him. They have the audacity to and and and really ignorance to appropriate him and to make him into some false god of their own making. It's not respectful at all. I mean St. Paul writes in was the letter to the Philippians I think it's 3:18. There are many walking now and I tell you even weeping who are enemies of the cross of Christ. Enemies of the cross of Christ. What does that describe? Next one. >> Muslims want to bring Shia law to the United States. Do you even know what Sharia law is? Feeding the poor, that's Sharia. Smiling at someone, that's Sharia. Being kind to your neighbor, education for every child, women's right to work, marriage must be between two consenting adults, that is Sharia. Respecting your parents, workers right to fair pay, no interest loan, so there's no poverty. The current court system is derived from Sharia. Democracy is Sharia. [snorts] Hospitals have been built on Sharia law. We're already living under Sharia law. So what exactly are you fearing? >> Oh yeah. So some of that is uh entailed by Sharia law. That's true. Also chopping the hands off thieves. Uh also flogging people for uh minor offenses and killing people for minor offenses and uh murdering people for uh converting from Islam to other religions including the true religion. >> That's Sharia. >> That's also Sharia law. So it's true. It's not that she's saying things that are totally untrue. It's that she's giving a partial view of the truth which is in itself a lie. Though she does say something that's untrue there. She says Islam believes in Sharia law prescribes no interest loans which means there's no poverty. And I say okay I guess it could prescribe no interest loans or it could take a strong stance against usery which is fine by me but uh I'm pretty sure Muslim countries are pretty poor. Have you know is like is Yemen just a flourishing material abundant society? is that is Somalia cuz as far as I could tell half the Somalian economy is just money that Somali in America send back there much of which is defrauded from the taxpayers. So I don't know that part doesn't make a lot of sense. Is that a little partial view of the truth? It tells you a whole big lie. Okay. The thirst trap didn't work on me. Did she work on you? What's her name? Lily J. >> Yeah. >> That's not the most Muslim sounding name I've ever heard. I'm skeptical. Is someone funding Lily Jay? Maybe just the simps on TikTok. [music] The Sharia simps. Okay, I'm Michael. This is the Michael No Show. See you next time. [music] 
