 I believe the progress that we have made in partnership has set us up well for the new world order. You heard it. It's time. It's here. It's time for the new world order. OH MAN. It's so interesting hearing Mark Carney say that out loud. Say that with his exact words. Even more fascinating to hear him say it in the context that he said it in in front of Xi Shingping in China. He said, "I believe the progress we've made on this partnership sets us up for the new world order." I know the conspiracy nuts are going to be like, I see, told you, told you it's coming. It's coming. World Economic Form, new world order, it's all coming. And uh I'm sure there's a bit of both there. Sure. I'm sure there is him just thinking there's no other way to describe how things are shifting globally right now and between how the relationships are in the in the where the power dynamics lie now these days and in in in the exact definition. Yes, we are starting to see a reordering of the world order introducing a new world order. However, what we've been seeing with the world world economic forum and how close they've been to China and wanting to implement Chinese ideas and the control of that chi the Chinese government has over their people and the world economic forum wanting to have that one world government. Well, when you hear stuff like this coming out of the Canadian prime minister, it starts getting you worried. And this kind of again a continuation of our live stream this morning. If you joined us at 9:00 a.m. Eastern time, it was fantastic to have you. If you weren't able to make it, that's okay. It's over. It's available for replay on YouTube. However, we're getting into more of where this is all going, where the story is lying, where things are moving towards during this visit to China. What was most concerning and what I've been seeing is the just overt praise of China, over overt praise of Xiinping, overt praise of everything they're doing while saying Donald Trump's crazy. China's more stable. USA is unstable. Meanwhile, I don't know. One country's actually killed our citizens and the other hasn't. Huh. Weird. So, we've been getting into Melanie Jolie, Tim Hodgson, Mark Carney statements as well as Pier Polia visits southern Nova Scotia, Yarmouth. Does that sound familiar? Yeah, cuz that's the rioting of Chris Donov, one of the four crossers. And so a statement is being made across the board right now, whether it be on the international level with our Liberal Party or on the national level through the official opposition. We're going to be getting into all it today. I'm looking forward to doing it all with you. Welcome to the L podcast. I'm your host, Josh. You're getting value from today's episode, take the time to like, share, and subscribe. It helps us to grow. It helps us to get to new audiences. It helps people see there is something different than what the mainstream media has to offer. And now let's get our first story, shall we? So CBC first headline is Carney's first day in China secures agreement on energy but no tariff breakthrough yet. We got an agreement on energy. So I was like okay interesting. Are we going to sell more of our petroleum? Are we going to sell more of our oil and gas? What are we natural gas? What what are we going to sell them? Well the by line says Beijing does not commit to buying more Canadian petroleum and liqufied natural gas. So I'm like oh okay. So things that we actually make money on. That's not the energy deal. No, no, no. Let's get into the first paragraph of the story here by Ashley Burke. On Prime Minister Mark Carney's first day on of talks in Beijing, the government agreed to cooperate with China more on clean and conventional energy after years of difficult relations between the two countries. Again, Carney loves the right. That's essentially what this is. Uh we've agreed to have a conversation about energy. That's that's what they agreed to. That's the that's the headline. secures his agreement on energy and what was the agreement? Oh, the agreement was to cooperate with China more on clean and conventional energy. That was the agreement. Okay. As it says, but so far the two sides have not resolved on ongoing tariff dispute. You know, the big one. The big one or seafood, aranola, you know those things. Those things are are what we're talking about these days. Yeah. Nothing on those yet, though. Nothing on those. says the non-binding energy agreement marks the start of a ministerial level talks which a senior Canadian official said hasn't happened for nearly a decade. Beijing also did not commit to buying more Canadian petroleum liqufied natural gas in a memorandum of understanding signed by energy and natural resources minister Tim Hodgson they are very clear they would like more Canadian projects products Hodgson told journalists the memorandum of understanding which builds on a previous agreement says both countries will talk about oil and gas resource development LG along with liqufied petroleum gas and emission reductions. It's just so wild. So you have Donald Trump that went off last year signing all these deals all these different countries like signing deals. Some of them were agreements but a lot of them were deals. And Mark Carney goes in Alberta and says we signed anou promise for a promise. He goes into China and creates anou for anou. Is this guy going to do anything? That's my question. Is this guy going to do anything? Cuz quite frankly he has done nothing. All he says, "We're gonna have a conversation about a conversation, then we're gonna have that conversation about this conversation." It's great. It's great. We love to see it. So, as we continue here though, again, the praise, the praise, the praise, the praise. We hear from Mark Carney here talking to Xin Ping here and uh you know, we'll play the the minute and a half here and just kind of listen up. It's a little low in terms of it seems couldn't get the great audio on this. However, we're going to try and amp it up for you. see if we can catch most of it. The >> foundation for the new strategic partnership between our countries. I'm deeply grateful. My colleagues are deeply grateful for that commitment and the spirit of that commitment. One of respect, frank, purpose, and progress. After all, the relationship between our countries is historic. It's complimentary and it's deeply personal for so many Canadians. As you mentioned, mine is the first visit of a Canadian prime minister to China in nearly a decade. The world has changed much since that last visit. I believe the progress that we have made in the partnership has set us up well for the new world order. >> The new world order. This is what's so concerning. Uh you know we can get into the new world order, the world economic forum all we want but let's kind of look at it from what we are currently seeing in front of our very eyes. We have increasing tensions that have taken place between China and the United States. And we've seen the history, right? The history is typically unfortunately the circular history that happens with humanity. Um, and what we've seen is typically when we have a big pandemic that happens across the world is typically followed by hard economic times and then war. Typically what happens and guess what? We are currently watching those two happen right now. We had a big pandemic. People are struggling economically across the globe. We're just waiting for that war to happen. This is why I was so bent on the stuff in my my live stream this morning is because we we've witnessed this pattern take place throughout history. World War is happening next. It's going to happen next at this point. And when you have an indecisive prime minister like Mark Carney who wants an MOU for an MOU and an MOU isn't making true energy deals is only in it for himself and to pat his own pockets when we are being pitted against and used between two of the largest world economic powers. And right now we are picking sides but not of our neighbor, not of our friend. We're picking the side of the enemy across the Pacific. That's who we're choosing right now. Oh, but Josh, you know, we we can't they're not really doing that. Well, okay. Well, let's listen to what we heard here Mark Cry talk about, you know, this new partnership. How it's gonna be so awesome. Well, then we also have Melanie Jolie say a few things herself about it. >> And we're now in a new era of partnership with China. And so it was important for us and the prime minister to come as this first visit uh to to Beijing and meeting obviously with Premier Lee and tomorrow with uh President Xi. This is a new year. It's >> a new year, new era. And then Tim Hodson talking about the new quote unquote strategic partnership >> to know uh is today was a very important day uh in our relationship with China and what it means uh for Canadian workers going forward. I'd like to give you a couple of quotes. A quote from uh the chairman of the standing committee. It is a new era in the relationship between Canada and China. It is a full turnaround in our relationship. China wants to move forward in a mutually beneficial way with Canada. Uh the premier said tonight, "We desire a new strategic partnership with Canada." Uh today we signed eight agreements as you all saw. uh I signed anou uh with uh administrator Wong of the NEA and tomorrow I'll be over uh talking with him about how we take that to the next level >> and this is so many more obviously these are very short snippets of many more interviews that have happened and we just can't play it all here. However, it's all to glowing of this new partnership with China, how awesome it's going to be. It's going to be so great. Look at all the things we're going to do with them. Which I'm not going to lie, if this conversation was happening 10 years ago, I'd be like, "Okay, sounds good." But things are so tenuous right now across the globe. And one of the major players who hates us, we want to get closer to when our friend is saying, "Please don't. Please be cautious. Please be careful." And we ignore them and say, "Screw you. I'm a little concerned. I'm a little nervous." China Daily in China had glowing reviews of the relationships and the meetings that Canada had with China. And this is what they said in their media release. >> Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney is on a visit to China from 1 to Saturday. What are the highlights of his visit? We've got some clues from the government news release. The visit is the first by a Canadian prime minister since 2017. Analysts believe this could be a turning point for the bilateral ties in nearly a decade. Canadian officials described the trip as an attempt to re-energize a dormant strategic partnership. Another key phrase in the release is shifting Canada's economy from reliance to resilience. To that end, the Canadian government aims to double non US exports and attract new investment. a strategy designed to diversify its economic partnerships and reduce dependence on US amid global volatility. According to Canada, key areas of the focus this time will be trade, energy, agriculture, and international security. Back in 2024, China was Canada's second largest trading partner, import source, and export market. >> We have to talk to each other if we want to make progress and address issues. Since the start of the year, Beijing has welcomed backto-back foreign leader visits and expecting more leader trips from Europe in the near future. And in case YouTube clips this out because there was some music played during that, essentially it was just a release of all how great the trip was and what they're going to be focused on, the deals they're trying to make happen, agreements they're trying to make happen, and how, you know, we're trying to, you know, Canada's trying to diversify their trading relationships amid US global volatility and less dependence on the United States. It's essentially what they're talking about. But praising the fact they have had all these world leaders from the west visit China in recent memory. Melanie Jolie said in an article this morning said that it's nice to work with China who h happens to be more stable than the United States. And it's s such a frustrating thing to hear because China has imprisoned our people. They've killed our people. They've pushed fentanyl precursors into our country. They continue to destabilize our country. They have Chinese police stations here to spy on Canadians who have fled Chinese dictatorship. They own a chunk of PEI. They've essentially helped in holding our housing market hostage. Everything they've done is to destabilize our country. Everything they've done is to destabilize us. And they're they're our friends now. They're our best friends. And all because we had a little spat with Donald Trump of the United States for a little bit. All of a sudden, we just want to sell sell everything off. Sell it all off to China now. Throw it all away. That's what we want to do. We should be concerned, especially since the CIA dropped this video today. Translation of the video was this video provides the full set of steps for making secure contact with Central Intelligence Agency. Below are several considerations that must be taken into account before and during the process of making secure contact. The CIA wants to know the truth about China and we are looking for people who know and can tell the truth. They've dropped a video giving instructions of how to make it more accessible for whistleblowers to inform on China. And we're over there having parties praising this dictatorship, that regime as if they're the next best thing. Again, I listed all things China's done to us over the past 20, 30 years and has increased in concentration and severity over the past 10 years. Mark Carney just on the debate stage back in April, nine months ago, seeing how China is our biggest threat. Now they're going to be our new great partner for the new world order. Which Mark Carney do you believe? Which Mark Carney do you believe? The thing is too, there's so much to share. I know I'm missing things right now, but there's so much to share of what's happened with us between us and China. And the idea of again, we've listed all the things they've done and more that they've done that I just didn't mention here. And we're mad because Donald Trump said, "If you can't stand auto tariffs, you should become the 51st state." I love seeing the left wing on on social media. Well, China didn't threaten to annex us. My friends, they are threatening our sovereignty every day. They've done 20x more than Donald Trump's ill-conceived statements over the past year. Use your brain and look at what is currently happening. But we shift. will shift. Pier Pol made a trip to down to Yarmouth, southern Nova Scotia said, "Out on the open sea, hard work should bring home a big catch and a strong paycheck. Rick Perkins and Clifford Small and our conservative team will always back our fishing families and bountiful harvest and an affordable life and Pierre Pol having some good time with some lobster doing his thing. Having a good time seemed like a good adult time over there." He then proceeded to have a town hall meeting that had you know a handful of people 200 people something like that at it and uh Chris Don again as I said if you heard that name in southern Nova Scotia Yarmouth um that is uh well Chris Donman's riding point proven Rick Perkins going doing the trails with Pierre Paulv isn't he and that's what Don had to say about this the MP for aianapolis is reacting to Pier Pio's visit the conservative party leader spoke in front of 200 uh supporters in Yarmouth Tuesday night. Chris Donma, who crossed the floor from the Conservatives to Liberals in November, says he tried for years to get Polyup to visit to listen to the issues that are important to residents of Southwest Nova Scotia, especially the fishery. While I question his motives for this visit, I hope he at least listened to the issues that are important to us, said Donont. During the speech, Pol said a conservative government would put an end to illegal fishing. Donont says there's been a turnaround in enforcement from DFO and they're making sure people are following the rules. As far as the turnout for Polio's event goes, Don Tramont noted it's a lot less than he normally has. A couple thousand people usually show up, but to see a couple hundred show up to this one between two big writings, I think goes to show that Mr. Polyv is not the popular here. On Tuesday, Polyv told um Aadia News that a lot of people would run for the Conservatives in the region and fight for affordability for all Nova Scotians. And it sounds like Mr. Donat was a little bitter. Makes him look like a fool, doesn't it? Because the story that Don Trad tells is very different from the story Rick Perkins tells who was a riding over from his because Rick Perkins came on this show and outlined all the issues that are happening in that writing in both writings cuz they're both fishery communities and Donat seem to have less of a handle what's actually happening than what Rick Perkins did. And now Donat is pretending he cares about the fisheries, pretending he cares about the illegal fishing that's happening. You sold out your constituents, man. Sorry. So it's funny to hear that you Oh, it's only 200 people. It's usually 2,00 is it? Huh? Okay, fair enough. Cuz I'll say this. The rant and rave page for Yarmouth had this to say which was fascinating. See if I can zoom in a bit here. I'd like to rave. This rave is about Pierre Polv. He came to visit East Pubniko yesterday and I must say all the negativity around this guy is crazy. I was going and thinking worse, but it was very much the opposite. He was very polite, so very friendly, very interested in what we do. He also was very informative with all questions we asked. What I see on TV is quite the opposite in real life. I must say I've changed my thoughts on him. Much more so than Chris ever did. The interactions on this is insane. Well over 500 likes, idiot hearts, and then eight people laugh at it. But majority people are like, "Yeah, this is cool. A lot of interactions compared to the other interactions on this page." Um, yeah, this one has like 125. That one has one 25 44. Um, another Pier Polv post that has over 500 interactions, overly positive. Um, again, a Trump and Ice post, 12 likes, like 38. So, I'm saying these Pier Polyv posts have a lot more positive, have a lot more interaction than anything else on this page and also overly positive about Pierre Polyv. So Donald Trump going on saying, "Ah, you know, it's it shows you that he's not very popular here." I don't know. I don't know, man. He seems to be changing the minds of a few people there, too. Changed the minds more than they said you ever did. So, uh, what's it going to be, Chris? What's it going to be? Seems like you're just bitter because you sold out your constituents and you make you're being made to look like a fool. And guess what? Rick Perkins is 10 times more the politician you'll ever be because he actually cares for his his constituents. And I think it would be justified the next election that Rick Perkins takes your job over as MP of that writing moving forward. It would be fascinating. But anyways, I'll leave it there. Have yourselves a good one. I know. 
