 You got to go. >> Okay. I'm just asking. You can't push. Okay. They just literally pushed me out. Nick Shirley, I hope you see this video. Please come to Columbus, Ohio. And if you come to Columbus, Ohio, you will find the exact same fraud. More Somali fraud has been exposed out of Ohio. This is getting out of hand and they're all being exposed. >> You get money through the state of Ohio. doesn't matter. >> This is a this is a money that gets matter. >> According to one Midwestern Rhino Republican governor, apparently fraud is just part of doing business. Now, >> it's a daycare center owned by uh Somalians and stuff like that. >> Have you ever seen any kids in this place here? >> No, not that I know of. I just seen it the building itself. I've never seen nobody come out the building or go in the building. >> You've never seen anybody over there? >> No, not at all. Everyone has been talking about Minnesota next. Surely the empty dayc care is in millions or potentially billions of dollars gone. But we're going to be talking about Ohio cuz that might be next. That might be Minnesota 2.0 because right now people are walking into daycare centers in Columbus, Ohio and they're seeing the same exact things. No kids, locked doors, people getting aggressive when asked basic questions. So right now we are in front of the Great Minds Learning Academy. This is one of the many daycare centers, learning centers here in Columbus, Ohio that are associated with the Somali community. So, this place here is the first place we're going to knock and we're going to see if anybody picks up or answers the door. Let's see. So, it's locked. We're ringing the doorbell here. Knocking on the door. Nobody's picking up. So, we're not sure what the hell is going on here, but we're going to we're going to get out of here now. There's somebody over there. How you doing, sir? Did you you know anything about this place here? >> It's a daycare center owned by uh Somalians and stuff like that. >> Do you ever see any kids there? >> Not cuz they use the back door. So I want to know if they >> they use the back door. >> Yeah. I never seen nobody come in. But they use the back door. >> But But have you ever seen any kids? You live around here? >> Yeah. Yeah. On this building right here. >> Oh, you're in this building? >> Yeah. >> You're in this building, too? >> Let me ask you, have have you ever seen any kids in this place here? >> No, not that I know of. They use the back. So, I've never seen nobody come out the front. >> You also see some potential SNAP benefits that's being taken away, too. So, >> more Somali fraud has been exposed out of Ohio. This is getting out of hand, and they're all being exposed. Listen to this. Somali in Ohio are allegedly running EBT fraud rings using SNAP benefits to stalk their restaurants, skimming cards to make millions. More than 34,000 Ohio households have been duped out of nearly 17 million in SNAP benefits from June 2023 to December 2024 with Somali migrant criminals using scheming devices at grocery devices at grocery stores to clone magnetic strip cards and steal the money according to the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services. In addition, a recent report details how Somali owned restaurants and grocery stores in Columbus are exploiting benefits. According to the report, migrants own restaurants with attached grocery stores that they own. They buy their ingredients in bulk with SNAP from their grocery stores, then funnel the food to the restaurants where they sell it for cash. One report claims that the Somali migrant men who own the restaurants typically have numerous wives. That's crazy. They only have to claim their first wife so that subsequent wives are able to collect welfare benefits that are then used to prop up the stores. And >> yeah, they're Muslims and usually Muslims are able to have more than one wife. But you can see that they're just they just know how to finesse the system. They they're looking they're going through loopholes. They know exactly where to to go and find exactly how to exploit and and really run away with it by just connecting everything their families to the business using all these resources to extract more resources out of the taxpayer. It it's crazy. >> This comes as as of a 2022 audit of Somali Community Link. A Columbus nonprofit funded in 2020 by Somali migrants exposed a reported $2.3 million in fraud from federal emergency rental assistance program funds. The investigation flagged missing rental aid, violations of cash management protocols, and in inadequate fraud safeguards. Despite these failures, the group tied to local politician via campaign donations secured $350,000 in state funding last summer for a community center plus $100,000 from Columbus for housing and youth programs. Back in 2020, Somali brothers Hassan and Abdurahim Norizo, former owners of Tofi Market Market in Columbus, were indicted for a 9-year snap in wick fraud conspiracy totaling over $10 million. The duo allegedly swapped benefits for cash at half the value. Abdurahim, who oversaw operations, was sentenced to two years behind bars. Hassan got house arrest and probation after a guilty plea. So, you can defraud SNAP benefits for $10 million and you get house arrest and probation. Only if you're Somalian, I guess, because if I do that and you and I do that, we're going to go to jail for a long, long time. >> This is why it matters. Columbus has the second largest Somalia population in the country right behind Minnesota. So, in this video, we're going to talk about Ohio and people are asking the same question. Is the same scam happening again or is it possible it's even worse? Let's get into it. >> Is this an attack on immigrants? >> This is an attack on fraud here in the state of Ohio. >> This Ohio lawmaker making some serious demands on what he calls reports of fraud within publicly funded daycarees in Columbus. You can see that this place is just a total dump. >> More people are targeting Somali owned daycarees looking for kids and suggesting fraud. Would you call these video clips allegations or would you call them proof of fraud? >> That's just an allegation of fraud. >> Now, state rep. Josh Williams, who is running for US Congress, sent this letter to the Ohio Department of Children and Youth, calling for more unannounced inspections and attendance audits of all publicly funded daycarees in Ohio. He also wants to pull state and federal funds on the suspicion of fraud opposed to a charge or conviction. >> We're saying the funds have to stop until you prove that it is not fraud moving forward. I mean, you go through some of these inspection reports and you do see non-compliance when it comes to attendance. Are you suggesting there is widespread fraud within publicly funded daycare centers in Columbus, especially those Somali owned? >> What we're alleging is that there is widespread reporting of potential fraud uh from individuals on the ground. >> Columbus isn't random. It has thousands of daycare centers, home health care agencies, grocery stores, and nonprofits tied to government funding. Most people are just trying to survive. Most are not doing anything wrong. But history shows that a small group exploiting weak oversight to steal millions and millions of dollars. That is why people inside Ohio are starting to speak up. They're saying that this looks exactly like Minnesota. Same behavior, same resistance to questions, same money streams. So these individuals tried to report the fraud that was happening in Ohio and then eventually came to me to say that we're watching providers rubber stamp paperwork for home health. So in Ohio and there's many states like this uh Pennsylvania and other states too where you can go in and you can say my aging parent needs a home health care and I want to provide it. So the state will as long as a doctor has approved it continue to pay you. It could be for 10 hours, 12 hours, up to 24 when it's critical care. So you could sit at home without caring for an elderly parent who really doesn't need it, make about $75 to $90,000 a year. Now you add two parents, that's 180. Now you add your in-laws, $ 250. You continue to add this and you wonder what are the services being provided. So a lot of providers came and said fraud is occurring because we said we weren't going to rubber stamp this paperwork. So they went to other providers, their home healthcare network saying, "We'll make it worth your while." Well, sounds like a kickback to me. So, we really need to investigate the Medicaid system and how much it's increased since the Somalian population came and who really needs critical care cuz that's meant for our disabled, our elderly, and people who really need it, not to just live up our system. And that's what's happening in Ohio. I think it's ridiculous. I think it's despicable. But authorities are now looking at it from the attorney general's office to the US attorney's office. I flagged them all because this is Ohio tax dollars and we have to take it seriously. I'm tired of people telling me, "Well, this is the way it's always been. It's subjective and we can't really check." No, you can't. Audit America, audit Ohio now. And I'm pushing for that in every single state. >> Yeah, definitely. I think that there's going to be or there needs to be more invested in checking to see if everyone is doing it right. Regardless of if you're a Somalian or whatever, there's tons of fraud happening across the country. At least some of the Somalian fraud that we've seen, it's so blatantly obvious that they're it's fraud that they're they're not even clever about it. But at least the first selection of fraud that you going to you can quickly eliminate because they're just they're doing it right in front of everyone's face. They don't really care how it looks. So, similar to Nick Shirley, people are walking up to daycare during business hours and they're asking a very simple question. How do I enroll my child? That said, no accusations, no confrontation, but you can look at the reaction. >> Um, you know, how much does it cost? >> Whoa. >> You can't just grab myself. >> The First Choice Childc Care LLC. >> Look at this. Why is there >> with a uh Casim Brothers semitr in the parking lot. That's what you want to see uh when you're dropping your kid off for child care is a semitr. See if we can. It's locked. >> Yeah, which makes sense. I mean, >> yeah, it should be locked. Yeah, >> most daycarees I've been to, they are locked. >> Legally, they should be protect the kids. >> Yeah. Lots of security cameras. Notice the trend at all these locations. >> Camera up there. Camera over there. >> There's no cars in the parking lot. So, >> they're open 7 days a week though and there's no signage to say >> say it's closed. So there's and then this is kind of the neighborhood you're looking at next door. Oh, we have another daycare center right next door. >> Bright Futures. So I guess we can just Oops. They must have started putting these cards in >> fire property. No trespassing. This one also has camera thing. >> It's interesting that they boarded all of this up too. So you can't >> you can't see inside at all in any of these >> tons of daycarees um where at least this is open so you can see >> they have a nice lobby entry. Yeah. >> Hi. Um I was wondering are you open today? Do you have any paperwork? I just wanted to look up your enrollment for a three-year-old. My name is Nah. Heat. Heat. I'm sorry. >> Am I what? >> You're going to send somebody? >> No. >> Okay. Okay. They want us to stop recording for um for >> Okay, that's fine. >> Price after we fill the application. >> So, how much does it cost? >> I don't understand. >> Just asking how how much it cost to go to daycare here. >> Thank you. Is it? >> Um, you know how much does it cost? >> Whoa. >> You can't just grab myself. >> Like that's insane. Their hours are Monday through Friday. >> Say they should be open. And they literally asked if I'm recording and then pushed me. That's insane. There's clearly children in there. I just don't think you should put your hands on somebody and push them out. >> No. >> Safe. >> Yeah. >> I'm just wondering why you're pushing me. No, the lady literally put her hands on me and pushed me. I just had a couple questions. >> Well, if they did that, why did you call the police? >> I mean, I'm not going to call the police. I'm just trying to ask a few questions. >> If they push you, you should have called the police. >> Okay, that's a good idea. I should call the police. Okay, thank you so much. Happy New Year. >> This is a question. How do you enroll How do you enroll your children here? You can't do that. No kids. So, how how the how can I enroll my children? It says you get you get public money through >> you get public money through Ohio. You get money through the state of Ohio. >> This is a this is a money that gets matter. >> They won't explain enrollment. They get defensive. They get angry. They physically push people out of the building and that's not normal. Anyone who has children, you call a daycare, you call a school, they can't wait to tell you all the information. They'll schedule a tour. You come by, check the place out. Most legit daycarees want kids. They advertise. They explain the pricing. They hand you the paperwork. But here we see is locked doors, no visible children, no clear enrollment process, and a lot of aggressive behavior. These are the same red flags that we saw in Minnesota. Different state, but the same playbook. Because right now we see a pattern, and patterns do matter. In Minnesota, investigators found daycare billing for kids that weren't there, payments tied to weak verification systems, little real-time oversight. Ohio seems like they're using the same funding structures, and the locals are saying you can't enroll your kids, no one's going to answer your door, auditors are going to get pushed out, and the money just keeps flowing. That's why people are asking questions, not because of race, not because of politics, because this is taxpayer money. This concern didn't come out of nowhere. Ohio already has major SNAP and food snap. Fraud cases, documented cases, court records, millions of dollars, grocery stores swapping benefits for cash, inflated transactions, fraud lasting years before anyone steps in. Now, the governor is not really taking this very seriously. He says investigations are happening. He says that people shouldn't jump to conclusions based on viral videos. But the critics are saying Minnesota said the same thing. Oversight usually comes in way too late. According to one Midwestern Rhino Republican governor, apparently fraud is just part of doing business now. And that's the message coming out of the Ohio governor's office after questions about potential massive fraud in his state. When asked about the taxpayer funded daycare centers and the fraud, the response, well, it wasn't shock and it wasn't urgency. It was, "This has been known for decades and therefore it's just a cost of doing business." That line alone right there deserves a slap across the face from the taxpayer. According to the governor spokesperson, if you're surprised people might defraud public daycare programs, well, that's on you for being naive because everyone knows that just happens and everyone just has to live with it. And meanwhile, Ohio spends over $800 million a year on childare assistance. $800 million. That's almost $1 billion. That's not monopoly money. That's your paycheck. That's the taxes they take from you every pay period. And here's where this starts to get a little uncomfortable. If fraud has been known for decades, that means two things can't be both true. Either the oversight is failing or the fraud it's being tolerated. Because calling something the cost of doing business, that's not accountability. It's turning a blind eye to the fraud. And why would you do such a thing? Maybe you're in on it. Now, we're expected to budget and we're expected to document every dollar and you're expected to follow the rules. But when millions, potentially billions, disappear in public programs, we're told that's just how it work. We've seen this with the other governor, even the Democratic governor, where they want to always show that they have complete control of what's going on. We got it. We know there's fraud, but we're we're on it. And that's not working for Tim Walsh, obviously. And I guess with this governor here, he's trying to do the same thing. And that is terribly worded. We shouldn't tolerate fraud. Yes, it happens, but doesn't mean it needs to be done to a point where potentially hundreds of millions of dollars are being missing. I don't think that's something that we should tolerate. I think that's something we should take very seriously. We should be very angry about it because a lot of people pay into a system that's being, you know, robbed. So that's the So I would say that for that governor, his tone, for that governor, that statement just seems to be very out of touch. And now lawmakers are calling for investigations because similar ghost daycare schemes have already blown up in other states, which raises a very simple question if this really is the cost of doing business. Who exactly decided taxpayers should be the ones paying it? Aggressive behavior should trigger immediate results because people are arguing that leadership is more focused on keeping Ohio's image clean than aggressively exposing problems early. Now, this governor is Republican governor. So we see from Democrat governor in Minnesota to the Republican governor in Ohio, we're seeing the same issues. They're not taking it seriously and they're allowing people to commit fraud. We need to continue to repeat this that every dollar stolen is a child that doesn't get real care, a family that loses support, and a taxpayer getting robbed. Minnesota obviously is not a one-off. This might be just a warning. If Ohio ignores the signs, this will just get worse. And we must really take a look in the entire country to see how far this extent goes in terms of Medicaid fraud and the daycare fraud and all this type of fraud regardless of who is doing it because the solution isn't hate, it's audits, transparency, oversight. Sunlight kills these scams and that's why so many people are going after they're going across the country. I've heard that it's happening in Massachusetts. We have to talk about that as well. Let me know if you're in Ohio. Have you seen this type of thing happening? Let me know all your thoughts in the comments below. 
