 Are you surprised at the magnitude of these moves? >> At 56 and a half is where I last saw it. Silver going up by more than $10 an ounce. >> $82 per ounce. >> Silver has been making headlines all around the world after its biggest one day drop in more than 5 years. On December 29th, it hit $75 an ounce in New York. While in Shanghai, it was $83 an ounce. >> From a physical shortage to a liquidity shortage. concerns over China that has put uh that's putting restrictions on silver exports starting January 1st. Elon Musk responded on Twitter that this is not good. In this video, we're breaking down what's happening with China and silver, why this matters to you, even if you've never bought an ounce of silver in your life. Before we dive into what China did, we need to understand why silver is so important in the first place. And I promise it's not just about jewelry and coins. >> Right now, everybody's trying to dump silver. I'm buying everything. I'm holding it. I have a big market for it. >> Silver is one of the most critical industrial metals on the planet. Think about every single piece of technology that you use. Your phone, your computer, your car, your appliances. Every single one of them contains silver. Silver is one of the most electrically conductive metals in existence. It's used in circuit boards, batteries, solar panels, medical devices. And the thing is that silver is pretty hard to substitute as a raw material. You can't just swap it out for something cheaper. >> Everything's being used from drones to to AI to computers to electric cars. >> So, when a manufacturer needs silver, they usually need silver, and there's no alternative. Now, between silver and gold, gold is usually the more popular friend. And gold tends to get more attention because it's shiny, it's expensive, it's a store of currency, and we generally understand it better. >> Silver usually seen as a higher beta version of gold. >> Silver's been undervalued uh relative to gold. >> But silver is the actual backbone of our day-to-day, and it's even in the phone that you're doom scrolling on right now. So when something disrupts the global silver supply, it's not just a problem for investors and traders. It's actually potentially a problem for every industry that relies on electronics and technology, which is basically every industry. >> Take a look at what's happening in Shenzhen's Bay. There's so many people all rushing to grab silver. They're even bringing in tow trucks to haul it away. >> Now, to understand what China just did, we should talk about how silver actually moves through the global economy. Silver doesn't just magically appear in your iPhone. There's a whole supply chain and China plays a massive role in it. The first step is mining. Silver is mined all over the world, but Mexico is the top producer globally. Silver mine production in 2024 was about 819 million ounces. So that raw silver ore then has to be melted and refined into an actual usable material. And this is where China enters the picture because China is one of the world's largest silver refiners. And in 2024 alone, China as a country refined 18,000 tons of silver. Step three is distribution. So after refining, silver gets sold to metal traders, exchanges, industrial buyers, manufacturers, and governments for coins and bars. Then step four is price discovery. So there are two primary commodity exchanges in the world where silver prices are discovered. Comx being the paper market and in Shanghai, that's where physical silver is usually delivered and sold. So think of it like coffee. Your coffee beans are grown in Brazil, but then the coffee beans get processed and distributed through a global network before they end up in your cup every morning. If one of the major processors in the supply chain suddenly stopped exporting, the whole system would be thrown into chaos and then Alice wouldn't have her morning coffee, which she wouldn't be happy about. Now, China isn't just a player in the silver market. They're also a choke point. And when a choke point closes, everything backs up. Here's where things start to get serious. Let me explain exactly what happened on December 26th. China unilaterally decided to restrict the export of silver. Basically, they're saying that, hey, we control 60 to 70% of the world's refined supply and we're keeping it. and it's our way or the highway. The immediate effect on this breaking news was chaos in the markets with the price fluctuating significantly. >> Part of it was there were a lot of $75 calls in silver that were exercised on Friday basically in one of these reversal days where you had a higher high than the previous day, a lower low than the prior days. >> Remember when I said that ComX is more of a paper market where people trade futures and options. Shanghai on the other hand being one of the largest trading ports in the world is where a lot of actual physical silver changes hands. So when China said no more exports, silver prices started going crazy >> with people treating it like moving bricks on the ground. On December 27th, a customer who paid extra for silver bars was upset when the seller could not deliver the goods. >> Imagine if Saudi Arabia suddenly announced that they were going to keep all of their oil. What would happen? the price of oil everywhere would skyrocket overnight and then the price of gas for your car would go up overnight. It's not a small market fluctuation. It's a global supply shock and we're just starting to see the ripple effects of it. But this didn't come completely out of nowhere. Silver has actually been on a wild ride all year and this is the climax or start of a trend that's been building for many months. So, let me give you some context on where silver prices have been. Back in April, silver was trading around $30 an ounce. Pretty normal, pretty stable for the history of silver. And then things started to shift because the Federal Reserve cut interest rates once in October and once in November. >> The Federal Reserve cutting interest rates by a quarter point. >> Any moment now, the Federal Reserve will announce its final interest rate decision of the year. Now, typically when interest rates fall, precious metal prices usually go up. So, and so silver started gaining momentum in price through November and December. And then towards the tail end of December, China dropped this bomb. But even with the whole chaos of the silver market in the past week, it's still up 141% to date. So, had you bought silver in January or even last year, you've more than doubled your money. In late August of this year, the US also announced that they would be putting silver on their list of critical minerals, which will also have impact on global investment flows as well as the commodity price. A and whether the Chinese offered to relax some of those export controls on rare earth magnets would >> and the trade deal. Uh we have a deal with China as you know but we were straightening out some of the points. >> So prices going up, tension in the market, interest rates going down, but no one was really expecting China to pull this move and limit or restrict exports altogether. And it kind of caught everyone offguard. That's why the silver market went so crazy. So, you might be thinking, Alice, I don't own any silver. I know it's important, but why should I care? So, if you're worried about everyday prices of things, the good news is that the cost of groceries, gas, rent, and your clothes are not going to be directly impacted by silver prices, you're not going to see your grocery bill or your rent and mortgage go up. But if silver prices stay elevated, and because silver is used in so much manufacturing, that's where things could get a little more complicated. Electronics could get a little bit more expensive. Solar panels could get more expensive. Anything with circuit boards could see prices down the line. If you are thinking of buying silver jewelry or silverware, yeah, it's very likely that those prices are going to go up if silver stays elevated. So, if you're already holding silver, you're probably having a great year. The price of silver is very, very volatile, much more volatile than gold. Which means that whenever you want to buy or sell silver in a period where there's more volatility, you just have to make a quick decision. Now, if you hold gold but not silver, how does this impact you? Gold and silver usually move together, but silver is much more volatile. And as of late December 2025, on average, the gold to silver ratio price is about 60 to1, meaning it takes about 60 ounces of silver to buy 1 oz of gold. And the highest that the gold silver ratio has ever been was during the pandemic when it was more than 125 to1. Gold has also been on a bull run for some time now. So if you're holding precious metals as any sort of edge, this environment is validating that strategy. If you're invested in the broader market, this is where things can get kind of interesting because some analysts are starting to see and talk about how we are in an everything asset bubble, an AI bubble where stocks, real estate, gold, silver, seemingly everything except Bitcoin right now is elevated simultaneously. And so there are some rumblings or worries that if one domino falls, others might follow as well. So the direct impact on your life is probably pretty minimal, but there are a lot of indirect effects across the global economy and global supply chains. Geopolitical tensions also play a role in impacting precious metals prices. China's decision to restrict silver exports isn't just happening in a vacuum, but it's part of a broader pattern of countries prioritizing domestic resources over global trade. 
