 The strength of the wolf is the pack and the strength of the pack is the wolf. >> Diversity is our strength. The farmer keeps the gate open because it's good for us. >> It's not safe for us in the wilderness. The farmer's land is where we must, let's say, assimilate. >> I can't wait to meet our new neighbors. Uh, close the gate, you morons. >> What's up, guys? Spenny, it's crazy that when you bring people in from stoneaged third world cultures, they behaved like stone-aged third world people. No matter where you are, you could be in the first world, Western world, and well, they're still going to behave their culture. It's amazing how that happens. Look at this. In Iraq, a girl was seen walking alone without a hijab on New Year's Eve. So, hundreds of men gathered around to harass her. Muslims considered celebrating New Year haram. So, they believed that they had the right to attack her. Celebration of New Year's is not allowed in Muslim cultures. And so, we might as well just, you know, attack the innocent girl. Right here, you can see it's like horrifying. girl in Iraq spotted walking around attacked by Muslim men. Why would you want to bring this into American cities? I mean, ask the question here. Do you want women to be able to walk around on the streets or is this something that we want here in our country? Like is it like is it going to be allowed for women in America in the coming years to even be outside by themselves? You got to ask that question. Obviously, this is something that is being answered throughout the Western world. And the answer is, of course, no. It's not allowed anymore because, well, we brought in too many of the third worlders from the cultures that say we're not going to let women walk outside on New Year's Eve. For instance, here is a German Twitch streamer who was walking around the Muslim parts of Kolm, Germany, when she was hit in the head multiple times with rocks. Now, she was doing this in order to prove that it's safe there, but of course, it's not. So, she's wandering around and she keeps getting rocks thrown at her, pelted by the Muslims who have been imported to her country. Remember, she's a German and she's being bludgeoned in the head for doing so on New Year's Eve. So, well, import the third world, become the third world. I don't know how many times we have to learn this lesson. Germans are rightly pissed. People all across the world are rightly pissed watching this video, but it is just one of many videos throughout Europe that shows exactly how dangerous things have become. You have paramilitary forces wandering throughout London trying to keep London safe. You can see here Germany with migration and Poland without migration. You know, maybe there was something to being in uh cultures and societies that have things in common like religion and language and faith and the desire to live in clean safe places. But when you import people like this, here is an Islamic scholar saying that celebrating New Years is a major sin uh that leads to disbelief, pag paganism and fornication. And if you disobey Allah and celebrate it, he will be very angry and punish you. Well, okay. What do you think's happening here? They're just doing what they've been told, right? This is what they've been told. Migrant gangs attaching Dutch police on New Year's Eve. It's become a New Year's Eve tradition in many Western societies, but they're not Western societies anymore. You brought the third world in, and they've conquered. Australia, Germany, France have all canled their New Year's Eve celebrations. And we all know why. because Muslims want to use the events to riot and to kill. That is precisely what we saw around the world on New Year's Eve, the West Castle's New Year's Eve threats due to Islamist threats during gatherings. The FBI announced that they had an Islamist threat that they uh were able to stop, but they were going to attack a New Year's Eve festival in North Carolina. They announced that this morning. German girl went on a New Year's Eve show at Safe around Muslims and they stoned her. uh well class. What did we learn? We learned that it's not actually safe. Every open border country will be punished by thirdw world immigrants. Society of white liberal women on SSRIs didn't vote with their toxic empathy. Liberal women voted for this. You know who they didn't vote for this? Polish and Hungarian women. I mean again, yeah, you voted for this. She voted for this award. That's right. Afghanistan in the 1970s, Afghanistan in 2012, Iran in 1970s, Iran in 2012, Europe in 2050. Yeah, you can bet. We don't feel safe. Welcome orcs. I love this meme. Welcome, Orcs. We don't feel safe. Please, someone come save us. Poland isn't having any of these problems. Just saying. That's right. Did you achieve diversity? Yes. What did it cost you? Absolutely everything. cultural diversity, cultural diversity everywhere. And that's why it's called suicidal empathy. And this is what happens when you lose a war. You're ruled over by foreigners. You're treated like secondass citizens. Ask any country that has lost a war. I mean, Germany of all places should understand this and be extra protectionist against it. Young German woman tries to celebrate New Years with a group of immigrants. They literally stone her. Remember, diversity is our strength. Reminds me that Norwegian politician who was raped by a male migrant and she felt bad when the man was deported. Some people simply will never learn. They will be ruinous to their own destruction. You wonder what immigration has done to the UK as a visible reference. This is stark. Germany New Year's Eve 2025. Uh where are the blonde German women hiding at home because they don't want to be victims? Look at this. Look at this. This is your Germany now. This is what Germany looks like now. Good God. It's like, you know, it is it too far gone? I guess you have to ask the question like, is it too far gone? Do you see any Germans here? Isn't Shouldn't Germany for be for the Germans? Shouldn't Japan be for the Japanese? China be for the Chinese? I mean, I'm like, Right. Migrant gangs attacked random people and rescue services and workers in Birmingham. This is in Antworp. You can see they were burning. They're burning churches in Antworp and they're like in Antworp. It's really bad. The Islamist uh migrants are really really bad. And it's like I think it's something like eight out of 10 births are migrant children. It's like in a single generation it'll be over. Germany's new celebrations. Dead, maimed, limbs torn off. 400 injured in Berlin alone. The head of the police union says, "We are in a state of war. Complete and total collapse. Look at this. Oh, it's so Oh, it's terrible. So awful. These were the most western of Western societies. These are the societies. Look at this. Amsterdam police say they face unprecedented violence of mobs and youth. So, I wonder uh the church which overlooks the largest park in the city caught fire and it causes under investigation and that I'm sure you'll never find. They'll never be able to replace this. They'll never be able to rebuild it. They'll never find who did it. If only we knew. If only we knew uh what the motivation could be. Why does Europe have to look like this? Why does Europe have to look like this? This is the cradle of Western civilization and it's well gone. It's gone. It's a crazy video that I saw from a uh streamer uh who's German and he's like walking through German cities and he's explaining this. It's he's explaining that like he doesn't have a country anymore. It's it's it's incredibly sad. Here you go. >> What's up? >> You okay? >> Fine. Yeah, good. >> What video? Yeah, >> I will video whatever I want in my country. Okay, you don't tell me. >> Look, they're cheeky. They think they can tell us >> good. >> No, it's okay. Thanks. >> It's fine. >> He just tried to offer me speed on camera, man. the brass neck on these people telling a German what he can and can't do in his own country. I'm sick of it. I'm not having it, guys. And all the Germans and all the police and all the politicians know what's going on. They know that they're selling hard drugs here, not weed. They're selling and speed and heroine. And guess what? They're okay with it. They're so heavily indoctrinated. It is fine. It's normal. You have to understand they come from >> a hard background. you know, they also need to make a living somehow. Just everything about it, everything about this city is just [ __ ] The locals, the natives are completely cucked, brainwashed. 
