 All right, two days into this new year and the Trump administration is continuing to make some bold announcements. This time, 7,000 people out of the state of Minnesota had their loans frozen uh by the SBA because they are being accused of committing fraud. Before we get to all of that, please like this video, share this video, leave a comment down below, and please do not forget to subscribe. Let's start here. The SBA says it uncovered what it says is widespread sus suspected fraud in COVID related loans. SBA administrator Kelly Laughafler posting in part, quote, "In total, these borrowers were approved for 7,900 PPP and economic injury disaster loans worth approximately $400 million. After years, the American people will finally begin to see the criminals who stole from law-abiding taxpayers held accountable. And this is just the first state. And this announcement comes as Minnesota Governor Tim Walls and his administration face scrutiny over billions of dollars in social services fraud. Walls has deflected all blame, but a new report claims the governor received $10,000 from donors tied to Somaliun daycare centers. >> Yeah. So, I'm not actually shocked by this announcement coming from the SBA. In fact, it took them long enough. It's something that should have happened actually years ago because everybody knew that the PPP loan uh whole program and co loans that was eventually going to get scammed. I mean, everybody could kind of see that coming a mile away. And we've heard celebrities and influencers and even politicians who were caught uh defrauding that program. So, it makes sense that they would make this announcement given what we've seen out of the state of Minnesota. But I just want to say this upfront. I would actually encourage them to freeze it all, not just the state of Minnesota. I mean, at the end of the day, if the state of Minnesota is getting away with this level of fraud, what do you think California's been up to? What do you think New York's been up to? There are other states out there probably are doing it at a higher level than Minnesota. So, there's that. Now, let's go to the administrator herself because here's what she had to say about this decision. >> We are suspending funding to the state of Minnesota. I wrote a letter to Governor Tim Waltz and said last week that we would be withholding the state millions of dollars from the state because there are simply no guard rails uh on taxpayer dollars. But the bigger picture is here as soon as we found out following Thanksgiving weekend that there was massive fraud in Minnesota. We immediately went to look at pandemic era programs which we know were rife with fraud. And so we went and investigated. It only took us a couple days to find about $3 million in frauds from the indicted individuals that were listed, about 80 individuals. So, we dug further. We picked up about 13,000 loans that were flagged from fraud. And as you mentioned, about 7,000 individuals in with in Minnesota now know that they will not be able to ever get loans from the SBA for disaster recovery uh funds because they have defrauded the federal government and our taxpayers. We're holding them accountable and we will be sending those files over to federal law enforcement. >> Okay, so let's look at the numbers again. According to the administrator, 8,000 loans totaling 400 million uh during the pandemic out of the state of Minnesota. Now, imagine what that number is nationwide, which we're about to get to here. $400 million. $400 million of taxpayer money. So, when people start screaming about the fact that they refuse to pay taxes, I understand why. When people are screaming about the Somalia community, defrauding the federal government, I mean, at this point, what? Choose whatever number you want. 1 billion, 2 billion, 9 million, 18 billion, 400 million. At the end of the day, it's fraud. And who has actually been held accountable in all of this? Not really anyone. I mean, the people obviously who committed the crime, they've been indicted. Some of them have already been sent to prison. But the real accountability are the people who are in charge. Not only should they be losing their jobs, but they should be prosecuted because if something like this happened in the military when I served 13 years, yeah, you definitely would have been demoted at a minimum, actually kicked out in some cases. Now, here's what they think the number is overall across the entire country. The internal watchdog and this is 2023 estimated and this is goes to these co era loans that about 200 billion in potentially fraudulent loans in general had been handed out 17% of total funds dispersed. Now, this is before obviously you took over the agency, but you know, I think we should remind people that for those loans, people were able to these these borrowers were able to self-certify that these loans were legitimate self-certify, which seems ridiculous. Now, looking back, how confident are you that we can somehow maybe claw back uh some of this funding? >> Well, that's absolutely right. Out of $1.2 two trillion dollars that went out through SBA funds during COVID. Now, remember these CO era loans helped millions of small businesses keep millions of employees on their payroll. Most were legitimate, but the fact is we had organized crime operating around these like we see with the Somali crime ring in Minnesota. And so, we have gone back through loans that the Biden administration tried to forgive that were known to be fraudulent. That's why we already had 13,000 that we knew had been marked as fraudulent. We're able to find quickly 8,000 of those and make sure that they cannot benefit from our services. But now, as I mentioned, we're going to do that state by state. >> Now, even though I'm not shocked by this move from the administration, this is huge news because that means we're basically going into a season. If you're a business owner out there, if you've done some type of work with the federal government or you've taken loans from the federal government or grants, you better be on your P's and Q's. This is uh usually a a a rhythm as I like to put it. You know, there there's just periods where the federal government is really sensitive and they're going to react to everything, investigate everything, and some people are going to actually get caught and prosecuted. Then there are other times where you'll never find the federal government ever asking a question. And that's ex literally what happened in the prior administration. So this is actually the natural way that our government operates depending on who's in the White House. All right. Now, let's move to how MSDNC is reacting to all of this because you'd think they'd be focused on fraud. No, they're still obsessed with Nick Shirley. Take a look. >> The Trump administration says it's freezing child care program payments, a critical source of federal aid for parents. That freeze applied to every state as the audit claims as they audit claims of fraud. While all 50 states are impacted by this review, the Trump administration is most focused on Minnesota. That's where a right-wing influencer posted a viral video last week that set off a MAGA firestorm about fraud allegations, leading Republicans to again attack the mainstream press and falsely accuse reporters of not covering the story. The White House joined in. A spokesperson saying the country should be deeply appreciative to Shirley for shining a light on this issue. The legacy media should take notes, referring to that content creator who has posted inaccurate and anti-immigrant videos in the past. So, what are the facts? Social services fraud is a story the press, especially in Minnesota, has been covering. And what is the impact of attacks on an independent independent press corps we're seeing from the president and his allies? >> Yeah. See, this is the main playbook from particularly MSDNC. First, they have to play the victim. Mainstream media press corps. They are the ones being attacked. Okay. Sure. Not the innocent people who were defrauded out of these programs. Got it. Number two, they focused on the messenger, Nick Shirley, not on the merits of what he's talking about, which we know fraud has occurred because if it didn't, people would not be in prison today. And number three, I do agree with her on something. She did technically cover fraud. Mainstream media did cover fraud only after the president mentioned it. And when they did, they said the president was lying about these fraud claims. Only in a matter of weeks, they were proven to be the liars. It's just interesting how that all works. Right. >> Right. In the legacy media and in uh bigger institutions, we do have ethics and standards and and that we have to adhere to and we get double checked and triple checked. Allison, what are you and your colleagues at the Star Tribune doing to weather the onslaught of attention and how are you breaking through the misinformation? I think we're, you know, trying to to do what journalists around uh the globe do and and continue to dig for the truth, dig for information. You know, two of my colleagues visited the daycarees highlighted in this video and requested information from the state. Um, none of the owners of these facilities have been charged with any kind of felony. Um, there was a case where the state had shut off payments because of an allegation of fraud against one of the facilities. uh that facility sued and this the state is seeking to have that case dismissed. But like I said, we're just um you know, trying to to do our jobs and continue to to look for accurate information on this crisis rather than than spread um information that's that's not verified. >> Yeah, it's interesting that they say they're focusing on accurate information, but when they go to report on information and particularly these stories, they started lying from the very beginning. We go through this every single time which is mainstream media they have become experts at lying by telling the truth. It is true that there have been fraud claims. Uh it is true that it has involved daycare centers but then they say it's a lie the way that the president is characterizing it and they get away from what is actually the main point which is that fraud is occurring. Okay. And it's been occurring for so much time now. And whistleblower after whistleblower have mentioned something. They've even been retaliated against. That should be the scandal, ladies and gentlemen. That should be the story. But it isn't. Not for them. Okay? They want to continue to attack the messengers. Now, that's not the only problem facing the state of Minnesota. this whole paid leave program that's going into effect now, which also applies to undocumented migrants and particularly uh people who are finding multiple ways to scam the state. Look at these numbers. Minnesota's new paid leave program hasn't even been open for two full days. And already whistleblowers in state government are saying that people are planning to scam it. Under the new law, almost every resident is eligible to take up to 20 weeks of paid leave a year to take care of family or for medical reasons. With taxpayers footing the bill and paying out a percentage of a person's salary up to $1,420 a week, the program is projected to cost between 1 and$1.5 billion a year, but Republican lawmakers say that could go up dramatically thanks to how vaguely the law is written, making it ripe for fraud. One thing that people don't know, you can designate one person annually as the person you care for. So I can designate my uncle living in Florida, go on vacation, and it's up to your employer to investigate whether you're really caring for that person or not. Like that's just there's no guardrails. It's going to be ridden with fraud just like we see in our other systems. The honor system is not the best way to distribute all this money. Despite the growing scandal around the alleged fraud already taking place, Governor Tim Walls is dismissing those concerns from Republican lawmakers, arguing that the paid leave policy pushed through the legislature by Democrats has the necessary guardrails in place to prevent any more rampant fraud. >> When people say like this this is fake, I'm like uh Well, let's look at um I wouldn't worry too much about this one. He that I wouldn't worry too much about him. He about to die. >> Okay, so let me get this straight. The governor who's responsible for record number of fraudulent claims under his leadership than any other Minnesota governor in history is celebrating this new program that clearly does not have the guard rails. And even if we went with his logic and we believe that he is saying there are guard rails, I don't think he is a point of credibility on this issue through results. The leaders of the state of Minnesota have proven they cannot be trusted when it comes to creating these programs because these programs are clearly getting defrauded at the highest level. So what makes you think the new family paid program here or the lead program which is 20 weeks just do the number on that. That's 5 months out of the year. Who takes vacation for 5 months out of the I'm not and then the taxpayer has to pay for that. What is going on? >> I am incredibly proud of this program. They are on record now opposed to it and I am on record saying motans deserve this program. The thing I keep hearing about people aren't people going to abuse the program. How disrespectful to people to assume that all motans are scamming. That's what I hear from them all the time. I trust motans. I believe in motans. I believe they know you're not going to get rich and it's not your full salary. You're not going to scam and take time off. >> All right. So according to Alpha News, 12,000 people have already applied for Minnesota's paid leave program that took effect January 1st. Uh, and if we do the math, 12,000 time uh 1,423 I believe was the number that they would be paid a week. Okay. So, $1,423 times 12,000 applicants. That's a potential of 17 million per week. So, I mean, this is what happens when you allow Marxists and socialist Democrats, as they call themselves now, uh, to run the government. it it just isn't financially sound whatsoever. >> So, uh our operational update for uh the 2nd of uh of January 2026, we wanted to share both application data from 1231 as well as the first of the year. Um two big days obviously not surprisingly for the paid leave program. We got 1249 applications on New Year's Eve and 1931 applications on New Year's Day. Uh that puts our total submitted to date at about 11,883, just shy of 12,000. And of those, we've made determinations on 63 6393 applications. Our teams are working hard uh to continue to work through these. Uh as far as the as far as the types of applications we received over the last two days, uh just neck and neck on bonding leave and medical leave. So, we got 1448 bonding leave claims, 1449 medical leave claims, uh 274 caring leave claims, six safety, and three military family leaves. And I think this is notable that uh we think that we got the, you know, a large chunk of the bonding leave claims in early during the beta and soft launches in November and December. And now we're already starting to see sort of a more even distribution of claims coming in. Okay, so let's just get to the bottom line of this entire story. We are no longer concerned about people in the Somalia community who have been caught committing fraud. Okay, that that horse is dead and gone. What we need to focus on, especially for the people who are in front of a camera, we should be focusing on the fact that people have been elected that are in positions of power that are creating programs that are clearly vulnerable and it's easy for a community like the Somalia community in Minnesota to defraud it. And when you combine that with policies that will obviously put a more financial burden on the budget of the state, I mean, you're going to have problems on your hand. There's no question that Minnesota is going to face a deficit. And why does this matter to you as a voter? Well, local elections matter. Once again, it's a prime example of what happens. So, we'll see. I mean, I I don't there's no doubt someone's going to scam this program. They may not get away with it as easily as they were getting away with other things over the past few years. because the spotlight's on, but I don't think Democrats really care about fraud like that. We saw how they reacted to Elon Musk and Doge. Okay, what do you guys make of this entire story? Just put your thoughts in the comments section below. Obviously, the first part of it, SBA freezing all loans uh and have banned people from reapplying to loans in the future uh because they believe they committed fraud. Uh let me know if you guys believe in that decision. Uh, they also are applying this to other states, by the way. And then finally, what do you make of Minnesota's paid leave program? They provide up to 20 weeks. It's about five months if you ask me. $1,423 per week paid by the taxpayer. Uh, just giving your thoughts and everything you got in the comment section below. Now, obviously, we are here 2026. Happy New Year. If you've been a follower of my channel, please make sure you like, share, and subscribe. Uh, definitely leave a comment down below. Uh, but the goal for this channel this year is to continue to bring common sense commentary, show you exactly what both sides are saying, and focus on the issues that are impacting people like you and me. So, if you love that and you want to see more of that, then you should click on the next video because it's coming up right now. 
