 I'm running for a California governor as a Democrat. However, don't let that scare you. I'm not a true hardcore left-leaning progressive in any sense of that term. >> Yeah. >> Why don't you want to have a baby is what I want to know. >> Why don't you want to have a baby? >> You want to have a baby? How would >> I want to feel it growing inside me? I think that'd be wonderful. >> On December 15th, 2025, Zultan Eastbond, futurist founder of the transhumanist party and now a political candidate, sat down for what he thought would be a routine debate with Andrew Wilson. Instead, he got humiliated, pressed on morality, on eugenics, on what progress actually means. And by the end, he'd exposed the core of transhumanism in a way that his billionaire friends never would on camera. >> No. No. The transhuman future may not have male or female anymore. And it may be for the best >> because what started as Christianity versus transhumanism turned into something much darker. A clear but gut-wrenching view into the philosophy underneath Silicon Valley Power and what it wants to do to the human person. But the question is really not whether we remain human. It's really whether that is the natural course of action for the human species. >> There are three stages to understanding transhumanism and many people get stuck at the second. This interview gives us a rare glimpse into the third stage. That's why today we're going to expose how you've been secretly desensitized to transhumanism through podcasts, TV shows, and modern influencers. Where this all originated and dismantle the belief that these tech oligarchs are on some noble mission to save humanity. This is why. Now, you're probably wondering what the heck transhumanism really even is. >> Transhumanism is all around you. It's happening very quickly. And its number one goal is to overcome death and biological aging. It's not just really we don't want to die. It's actually we want to remain as as younger people. It's also a social movement. It's this idea that we can become superhumans. We can go off planet. We don't have to be susceptible to breathing air, to choking on food or to uh being too cold or too hot. Eventually, we can overcome these things, upgrade ourselves to become cyborgs and things of that nature. >> As the famous transhumanist philosopher Ray Curtzwell says in interviews and books like The Singularity is near. We will be able to upload our brains to a machine and have a backup version of ourselves. >> It's going to go faster and faster and we're going to actually deal with accidents and actually be able to back up our brain and back up our heart and it's going to be very hard to imagine how you could die. Now, this all sounds super sciency and smart, and in fact, that's actually what guys like this rely on to persuade people because behind the nerd glasses, smug tone, and mask of intelligence is a house of cards. This debate exposes the truth. They're actually terrified of real logic, operating like a cult religion with untouchable dogmas and axioms that you can't question. It all starts with Zolton's assertion that humans live longer now than they ever did in centuries past. >> He says, "Humans are living twice as long as they used to." That's actually not true. The truth is is that we use live birth numbers in order to determine how long people live. And infant mortality used to be way higher. And because of that, what we did was we took an average. And so the life expectancy went down to like 30 or 40 because of how many infants used to die. Actually, what he's doing here, he's not being particularly honest with this. If it is the case that you could overcome infant mortality 300 years ago, you lived about as long as you do right now. Psalm 9010 written over 3,000 years ago says the years of our life are 70 or even by reason of strength 80. That's basically the same healthy adult lifespan we see today. The maximum lifespan hasn't actually budged. It's still hovering around 120. Just like Genesis 63 hinted at after the flood. As the debate heats up, Zultan pivots to another big futurist bet, AGI, artificial general intelligence. He, like many other transhumanists, makes the bold claim that we're on the cusp of machines achieving true consciousness, solving humanity's problems overnight. >> Japan announced that they had already achieved AGI and now I'm saying within 18 months, we'll probably start reaching levels of early super intelligence, maybe 24 months. And I I got to be honest, I'm not saying this because I just say it. I'm saying this because I met the Open AI engineers who pulled me in a corner and were like, "Listen, we are much closer. We're starting to buy bunkers. We're starting to do things because we're afraid ourselves. >> It's the transhumanist holy grail. Upload your mind, merge with AI, become immortal gods in silicon. But Andrew's rebuttal humiliates Sultan's mythical claims. >> I'm aware of the distinction between true artificial intelligence and AGI. The idea here is you have enough open nodes that you can't tell the difference. Basically replicates for all intents and purposes what you would consider artificial intelligence to be. I get that by the way. We're not there either. and the computing power that would be required to utilize AGI. Right now, currently, the scientific consensus is there's not enough energy on planet Earth to hold enough nodes in order to have AGI replicate the same intelligence as a human being. So, the thing is is like this is mental masturbation futurism. >> Andrew unpacks these AGI myths with shocking depth, and Zolan's facial expression leads us to believe that this made him feel very uncomfortable. And as we will see soon, it seemed to have pushed a button that nobody else has been able to push. >> The truth is is that these technologies are not so nearly advanced as we've been led to believe. We don't have self-driving vehicles because we can't make machines smart enough to self-drive. They can't make decisions the way that they should. They can't tell whether or not they >> The truth is Zolan knows the limits. All of the current AI iterations we have are pattern matching. No self-awareness, no soul, just algorithms crunching data. Good ones be it, but still just algorithms. However, once the logical arguments fail, Zolan shifts the tactic to an emotional line of fire and basically admits flat out that transhumanism is an irrational position to take. >> You've nailed it. No, no, no. This is great. This is you finally got it. This is exactly right. Transhumanism is a selfish son of a [ __ ] philosophy. Whereas Christianity is really this framework that God already existed. Transhumanism, we're out in the open. I was thinking about this as I was driving today. What was I going to tell you? I'll tell you the truth, man. I'm lost. I am so lost. I've asked for God in my heart. I've asked for all sorts of things. I've looked I studied religion when I was in undergrad and graduate school. And yes, it doesn't have this te theological foundation that you create that you say you have with God, which is great. You got you have it, but transhumus don't. So, we have to create that. >> Within the first few minutes, Zolan himself as the opponent already exposes his despair as the crux of the issue. In fact, you don't have to look very far to find videos of these comrades obsessing over God. For people who don't believe in the Christian God, it's quite comical how much of their time they devote to talking about him. It all becomes clear by admission that Zultan's entire argument here relies on how confidently he can say something and hoping his opponent won't call it out. Unfortunately for him, his interlocator is a debate expert and things only get far worse for him when Andrew demonstrates that even if humans could supposedly achieve earthly immortality, this would only create more problems than it would solve. >> It's interesting you bring up like Star Trek and Star Wars, right? both science science fiction where you've conquered all sorts of human conditionals and yet the entirety of these sagas are conflictoriented and conflictbased around worldviews and ideology in Star Wars between the Jedi and the Sith. Both religions by the way technology did not surmount them in Lucas's mind when he looked to the future. The same exact thing in Star Trek where the first thing you did was have a federation of communists, right? And all that happened is that now your enemies became entire other planets rather than just your enemies on your own planet. Interestingly enough, when we start to explore the human condition of what happens when we advance technology to its zenith and we can now go and explore with other species, what we find very quickly in our own thought exercises manifested through our own Hollywood executives is that we're going to blow each other up. We're going to find photon torpedoes. We're going to we're going to do all sorts of the in other words the horribleness of the human condition does not go away with technology and immortality also would not solve this ultim like there's a lot of implications with immortality which are which are way more frightening than death for instance if you're immortal let's say that we had little nano machines that I could put in your body that instantly they keep you not only aged but they also you know are able to synthesize some type of product which they inject into you which takes care of almost all of your material needs, your water, your health, things like this. Now, of course, this is technology we're very, very far away from if we ever get to it, but it would perpetually keep you alive forever. And let's say you pissed me off one day. So, what I did was I took a 55gallon drum and I stuffed you into it and then I sealed the top and welded it and buried you 500 ft into the ground. Would you prefer death or o over the idea that you would be sealed in a 55gallon drum and buried 500 ft down for eternity essentially? But Zolan and the tech elites of today would rather have you ignore this because they've made it clear that they don't want to convince the masses with logic, but rather slowly normalizing their radical ideas bit by bit until you feel like you can't escape. If you've ever heard of the boiling frog metaphor, it goes something like this. You put a frog in hot water and it will jump out. But put it in lukewarm water and slowly turn up the heat and it just sits there until it's fully cooked. That's exactly how transhumanism has been normalized in our culture today. Not with a bang, but with a slow simmer. For over a century, media, intellectuals, and even governments have been slipping in ideas of human enhancement, machine mergers, and gender fluidity as cool or inevitable, desensitizing us bit by bit so we don't notice the water getting hotter. Let's trace it from the 1900s to now with concrete examples that show us how this philosophy has been baked into our entertainment and institutions. But before we dive into the social engineering, I just wanted to say that it's really difficult to find sponsors for videos like this. And so, this one is sponsorree. The fact is, these videos take weeks to produce each and I'm currently a one-man team. But luckily, the supporters over at buymeac coffee.com/lungsof faith help make these videos possible. So, if you like these videos, please consider donating over there. And something new that I'm doing is supporters at $50 a month plus are credited as producers with real input on future topics. Back to the plot. It started in the early 1900s with sci-fi literature planting the seeds. HG Wells, the godfather of modern futurism, wrote a modern utopia in 1905, envisioning a world where science engineers superior humans through selective breeding and tech, basically eugenics light. Wells calls it the kinetic utopia, a society where humanity must adapt or perish. This is where we begin to see this sort of dialectic of you either accept our agenda or you perish. And this wasn't fringe, it was mainstream reading, normalizing the idea that our biology is a problem to fix. By the 1920s and30s, Aldis Huxley took it further in Brave New World, printed in 1932, where it depicted a utopia where babies are grown in test tubes, genetically sorted into casts and conditioned for a hedonistic, resource efficient society. Huxley, influenced by hermetic thinkers like his brother Julian, a eugenics advocate, warned of this as a dystopia. But it planted the seed. Readers started asking, "Is test tube life really that bad if it solves overpopulation?" And if you listening notice that I just snuck something into that sentence that wasn't proven, you're right. The idea of overpopulation was a massive way to normalize this sort of idea. And this now has been basically accepted as being debunked, even by transhumanist advocates such as Elon Musk, who complains about the fact that we're underpopulated. Fast forward, and Huxley's vision echoes in today's crisper trials, editing embryos like China's 2018 designer baby scandal, where scientist Hi Jangui faced backlash, but opened the door nonetheless. The 1950s and60s brought it to TV. Shows like The Twilight Zone, episodes like Number 12 Looks Like You, depicted forced enhancement for perfection, questioning conformity, but making body modifications seem futuristic and intriguing at the least. >> And the nicest part of all, Val, I look just like you. >> Star Trek went bolder. Cyborgs like the Borg, assimilating humans into collectives or enhanced beings like the con, which is like a eugenic Superman. You must be aware that I am programmed to evolve, to better myself. >> We two are in a quest to better ourselves. Evolving toward a state of perfection. >> Forgive me, but the Borg do not evolve. They conquer. >> By assimilating other beings into our collective, we are bringing them closer to perfection. >> Somehow, I question your motives. That is because you haven't been properly stimulated yet. >> Andrew's guest, Zolton, essentially admits to the same sort of eugenic agenda. >> And I think that's where, you know, if I was dictator and I try to pick out what I feel is best for transcendence of the human race, I would try to give all the best attributes to all the designer babies that I was trying to do. People that are curious. I want people that are willing to go beyond boundaries, ethical boundaries. >> It normalized evolving beyond human limits as heroic. The people behind it were intellectuals like Norbert Winer, founder of cybernetics and worked with US government agencies, blending tech with control systems, echoing CIA's MK Ultra, which experimented on mindaltering tech and drugs to enhance humans, often without consent. Now, Andrew's guest, Zolan, actually admits to supporting a sort of eugenics and fails to denounce the idea of creating the uber mch. >> Picking and choosing is really what transhumanism is about. It's like we want the best from here, the best from there. I know it goes against your overall Christian framework because you kind of have your rule set and it's like this is this male and female whatnot. Transhumists are willing to pick anything and go with it. And the same thing I think is going to happen from ethnicity, from race, from whether someone has high IQ or low IQ. We're going to try to pick the very best things that move us forward. And uh you know this is why I think transhumanists would argue that like let's have genetic editing of children of babies designer babies because we want to put the best attributes in a child and not leave it to chance or to God's destiny. And again this is a huge chasm between you and I. We want to modify everything for improvement according to the desires and what we think is best at the time. >> The 1970s and 80s ramped up the boiling. The $6 million man in 1974 made bionic enhancements cool. A guy rebuilt stronger, faster, and better after a crash. Kids grew up thinking that cyborgs were basically saviors. Bladeunner in 1982 blurred human and replicant lines, questioning souls and machines. >> Replicants, manufactured humans you can't tell from the real thing. >> Intellectually, this tied to thinkers like Timothy Liry, who talked a lot about psychedelics as mind expansion in the 1960s, who influenced Silicon Valley's early transhumanists, blending oult consciousness hacking with tech. And as we'll discuss later, this is far from the last time that we'll see a crossover with the oult. Now, this media training and normalization didn't serve as an end, but rather as a means to push for continued eraser of the human identity. Once people became complacent with the ideas of transcending themselves through constant reinforcement of the human body being insufficient, the next step was to find a way to physically implement these changes. Bring in video games. >> You're watching the most exciting game you will ever see on your TV set. Video games exploded in the 1980s, letting you pick your avatar, customize every detail, gender, body, abilities, and live as something better than yourself, even something not remotely human. It's no accident >> what people will do for for a little entertainment system. >> I'm here for the PlayStation 2. >> The rise started with classics like The Sims, where you design perfect lives or World of Warcraft with millions role-playing as enhanced beings in virtual worlds. By the 2010s, Fortnite and Among Us made Avatar selection a daily ritual for kids. Swap skins, genders, races on a whim. And I've got to say, looking back at it now, skins is a pretty creepy sounding word. Now, in 2026, VR games like Meta Horizons let you upload your consciousness into fully customizable bodies, blurring the real and the digital. And the real life consequences are in plain sight. Take Finster, who started as a Minecraft streamer doing egirl cross-dressing challenges for laughs and donations in 2024, came out as gender fluid and began hormone therapy, saying that the role playing uncovered suppressed feelings. Keeles, another trans streamer who gained massive attention, mixing gaming with political activism for Skittles issues. Then we have Proton John, longtime speedrunner and let's player who transitioned publicly in recent years. Then you have Nicotine, another trans Twitch partner who co-founded Team Trans Gaming for visibility. Studies show radically higher gaming engagement in trans communities, often as escapism or identity exploration. Virtual worlds let you try on genders quote unquote safely. Notice how gamers/streamer spaces rarely oppose these ideas. They're often the least resistant to them, viewing avatar customization and fluidity as normal extensions of gaming freedom. It's a part of the broader desensitization. Games train us how to see identity as swappable, making real life transitions feel just like another character select. One of the best examples of this is the streamer Destiny. The debate streamer Kingpin, who's all in on progressive causes, is a perfect poster boy for this normalization. He streams endlessly defending trans rights, gender fluidity, and open relationships as enlightenment. Yet, his own scandals scream hypocrisy. >> Videoaps around her and like, you know, >> did that really like taking her away from me? >> Turn you on. Um, it would have been more if I was turning around watching. You know, >> you Yeah. >> The reason why my face is like so I'm just staring into the camera like imagining the whole time like I wish they were. >> Notice how gamer and streamer bros like Destiny, the least opposed to Skittles and trans ideas, end up embodying the chaos they champion. In real life, this is the total relational wreckage. It's the boiling frog in fruition. >> One interesting aspect of your relationship is you're in an open relationship. >> What's that like? >> Really complicated. There's a lot of complicated stuff going on under the hood there. >> Yeah. >> Um you can basically hook up with other people and then you've got like your main relationship and that's it. I think ours is probably somewhere in the middle of that. >> Um to where like we've got like long-term friends, some of them we hook up with and that's kind of how we Yeah, it's a delicate dance that uh explodes every 6 months on itself. Fluidity starts fun and ends in despair and societal wreckage. And transhumanist philosophers love it. Nick Bostonramm, an Oxford futurist, in his 2003 simulation argument, suggests we're already in a game-like simulation, inspiring Avatar play as a preview of posthuman existence. Ray Curtzwell sees games as training wheels for mind uploading your avatar as the first step to ditching biology. The 1990s and 2000s made it a pop culture staple. Movies like The Matrix sold mind uploading is liberation. Escape the prison body into digital realms. Now, this has deep oult roots as we will look at later. Then we have Ghost in the Shell, which explored consciousness in cyborgs, normalizing genderless, swappable bodies. >> Is the next generation of animated feature entertainment. The story centers around a life form that evolves from the internet seeking asylum in a cybernetic human host. >> It's all boiling frog. Start with harmless sci-fi, slip in gender plays freedom, and end up with Zultan's men having babies. >> We need to be able to do crazy wild things as a species in order to evolve. And that's where I come in. >> What are these crazy things we need to do as a species that violate this supposed 20% of Christianity that you are just demanding society has? What are they? >> What? >> Men having babies. >> Now, all of this can't be said while also ignoring the massive shift in the definition of men and women and who and what a man and woman really are. Men used to be modeled after heroes who stood their ground for truth and what was right. Think of the classics like The Searchers with John Wayne. rugged, principled, defending family and justice even at a great cost. Or the gladiator where Maximus fights for honor, loyalty, and restoring order. Or even the most ancient of stories like David and Goliath in the Bible. The key thing is these men had boundaries, right versus wrong, protector versus predator, and they held the line. Nowadays, modern man is depicted as being obsessed with transcending boundaries, not maintaining them. now the perfect embodiment of this sort of psychonaut bro that's like oh dude it's just like bro the universe bro like nobody embodies this character as well as Joe Rogan does on his podcast he's pushed this sort of endless curiosity is basically the new religion the perennialist man who explores psychedelics UFOs faith chasing some sort of abstract meaning in everything but never fully satisfied in a 2025 episode of Jordan Peterson Rogan said that curiosity is the real spiritual path blending religions into one eternal quest. This normalization was engineered. The 1974 SRRI report changing images of man funded by elites like the Rockefellers helped astroturf the shift in human self-im images from the economic man to the transcendent techen enhanced being. It envisioned evolutionary transformation via bio feedback, psychedelics, then machines. And not necessarily in the way that we'd be actually using them to enhance, but sort of in the way that this belief in the future and this belief in how technology might advance, that sort of endless curiosity would be the new religion. And that's exactly what we see today in VR avatars and gene edits. And this book became mandatory reading in universities like Stanford, which astroturfed intellectuals to spread this outlook. So if you've ever wondered why all of the educational institutions are totally on board with this stuff, it's because it was funded and pushed. And also, if you've ever wondered why Joe Rogan has actually been so loved by these institutions, constantly having on these psychonaut bros, exgovernment officials, big tech gurus, and alleged ex CIA dudes on his shows, now you have at least a starting point to let your mind wander. Now, the craziest pipeline that absolutely nobody is talking about or noticing is the looks maxing/homaxing to transhumanist pipeline. Millions of young men and women are being duped into adopting radical libertarian identity through two of the most popular influencers today. And nobody is taking notice. But once you see it, it will change the way that you think about the sexual revolution and the red pill forever. Clvicular and Bonnie Blue. two internet sensations from 2025 that embody operating philosophies that eerily align with transhumanism's core tenant that the human body is a modifiable commodifiable object to be enhanced or exploited beyond natural limits. Braden Peters, also known as Clavvicular, is a looks maxing streamer on kick who gained infamy in November of 2025 for injecting fat dissolving peptides into his 17-year-old girlfriend's face live on stream, calling it a glow up for aesthetic perfection. This treats the body as a hackable hardware, echoing transhumanism's push for radical self-modification through biotech and surgery. Looks maxing, which is obsessive practices like muing, steroids, and peptides to ascend beyond genetics, normalize the idea that the human form is flawed and upgradeable. A preview of posthuman enhancement. Clvicular, funded through kick, profited from the scandal, breaking donation records amid his backlash. His actions reflect a libertarian ethos of individual body sovereignty, which is suspiciously amplified in online spaces. I've seen like not good-looking guys marry and have like a nice family and have a a kind of life that isn't even considered on the table in our modern culture. At >> the end of the day, all the stuff that you're talking about is just idealism. It's not realistic. It's >> I'm telling you, I've seen people do it. Wouldn't you maybe swim against the stream or go jump into a different stream? >> No, because that's that's not a realistic outcome. You know, >> to what? Take away all the liberties that we've granted women to cause a lot of detriment to society. You might as well adapt to the times. and watching their various interviews reveals an even stranger parallel. Both exhibit eerily similar speech patterns, polished deflections, emotional appeals over logic, and a rehearsed confidence that dodges hard questions with ease. Clavvicular, at just 19 years old, evades scrutiny on his logical contradictions better than a seasoned PR veteran or Black Ops operative. Why do you want to look better? Meaning, look, I would get it if you looked like some mutant and you had some deformities and it was really messing up your life. Why do you need to go further? Well, I mean, you're you're already rich, you know. Why why are we here right now doing this interview? >> Because because that around on you >> redirecting to personal choice or haters going to hate without ever engaging with actual ethics or logical arguments. >> It just is what it is, bro. Like, like it just is what it is. And Bonnie Blue does the exact same thing, framing her spring break exploits as empowerment while brushing off exploitation concerns with smiles and just why not have fun, you know? I'm just I'm not hurting anybody. Do you think that it's virtuous to take a man's virginity? Like, would you recommend that that men go to a prostitute so that they can get rid of their VC card? Does that sound like virtuous to you? >> So, after they've slept with me, they're confident. They're walking away like they'll continue like asking for tips, messaging me. The next person they sleep with, they're going to be able to give that woman a good experience. If they sleep with someone that's also new to sex, they're both probably going to be walking away from that experience, no better than what they was, and both at it. This debases gender norms aligning with transhumanism's eraser of biological roles for fluid optimized identities. Neither concedes ground on logic or morality and both pivot to individualism and victimlaming critics. The reason I point this out is because if you look at Zolan Eastfon, he does a lot of these same tactics and actually Elon Musk, Peter Theel, and a lot of these guys share the same sort of attitude. Now, this might just be youthful inexperience, but I don't know that feels like a bit of a naive take. It honestly feels a lot more like highly trained deflection. Oddly synchronized for two seemingly unrelated figures. Blue's incentives stem from Only Fans, who's owned by Leonid Radvinsky, who has also pledged to Apac, do it that what you will, where simps fund creators perpetuating a 10 billion plus dollar a year industry. Yet, this radical libertarianism, this unrestrained self-exression and body commercialization under the guise of as long as it doesn't hurt anybody, seems like it's being selectively pushed alongside transhumanist normalization, suggesting engineered cultural shifts. As Adam Kersh explores in his book called The Revolt against humanity, imagining future without us, transhumanists reject fixed human nature, viewing human bodies as endlessly plastic for aesthetic or functional redesign. Most of them also don't believe in set gender categories like male and female, but rather view the human nature as plastic and redesignable. Claviculars and blues exploitations are ground level manifestations just acclimating us to a posthuman world where God's design is obsolete. Now, while it's painted as freedom, this is not freedom at all. It's really rebellion funded by platforms that profit from our descent. This movement continues to rake in billions from elites and governments worldwide. Yet, it can answer one simple question. Why should we go along? Zultan thinks he has the answer, but Andrew takes it to the slaughterhouse. >> We have the right to create technology that can overcome cold or hunger and things like I mean, we're doing things all the time. Why do you think people are living these incredible lives traveling all over in jets? What are there 30,000 planes, jets right now in the air? I mean, we are doing this and this is not something that you can say is a Christianoriented process. This is a transhumanist oriented process. All this bio technology >> well first of all that's total bull uh inside of the sc of science especially when you're talking about medical science right you have to have guiding ethical principles for this or you end up with things like eugenics you end up with uh these kind of horrible processes where you could begin to do mass experimentation on groups of people that you don't like. You can't tell me that that would curtail scientific progress because it wouldn't. It would accelerate it drastically if we practiced unethical science. And you know that that's the case. Where do they draw these ethics from for not being able to do these horrific experiments on people for the purpose of scientific progress? Science can't make the claim not to. Its purpose is not to do that. Science itself cannot claim that you can't do unethical experimentation to achieve your technocratic future. That's Christian ethics you're drawing from, sir. That's Abrahamic ethics that you're drawing from for the purpose of what ethics? keep this confined. What puts the guard rails on it? In other words, >> why can't I take your 80% and say that the greatest 80% we have? >> You have no odds to give anybody for what guard rail should be there from science except preferences that you have informed by my religious worldview. >> Andrew summarizes the absurdity. Zolan admits that he arbitrarily uses the 80% of Christianity that he likes and he admits that he needs Christian ethics like dignity, golden rule, justice to argue for a better future. but rejects the source god. That's an illegal chess move. You can't just arbitrarily take parts of a position that you like and leave out the parts that actually justify the parts that you like. That's not how logic works. That's not how arguments work. And it's anything but persuasive. And that's why these guys rely purely on their confidence because they know that they can't contend with basic debate. Now, up to this point, Zolan has played diplomatic, nodding to Christian values when it suits, mining support from believers while rejecting the source. But Andrew presses and the facade cracks and finally the truth behind what these transhumanists actually believe is leaked. >> And I worry that Christianity is a a totalitarian regime regime. I mean that's really what happens with Christianity is nobody has any say in the matter. It's just been put here and your purpose is whatever God says. We all live in a giant dictatorship. At least me. I say honestly I'm lost. I'm searching. I'm trying to do my best. But at least I have my freedoms. >> Yeah. You know, this is really funny because you're right. We were able to pull out of this actually what is going on, which is a rebellion to Christianity, which you believe is an oppressive and authoritarian religion and an oppressive and authoritarian regime. Zolan blurts it out. Christianity is totalitarian. This moment exposes in 4K what the crux of the matter has always been, a rejection of Christ. Andrew beautifully dismantles it. How can you call Christianity totalitarian while pushing transhumanism, a worldview that demands total control over biology, reproduction, and even thought via brain interfaces, as Zultan himself admits, >> interestingly enough, the idea that we would march towards technocracy, you're definitely not immune from any sort of dictatorship or authoritarianism. In fact, it makes it easier facial recognition. Uh CCTV cameras, which you find in a much more agnostic Britain rather than an English Britain, uh or a Christian Britain. Christianity was far less oppressive than it is now when it's more agnostic, right? And you have CCTV cameras everywhere. You're not allowed to own a gun. You're not allowed to do any of these things. Christianity is not the oppressing factor here. It appears to me that the agnostic technocrats who are following more the model of Zultan Istan are the ones who are causing more of the problems of freedom than Christians. In fact, Christians here in the United States, we're focusing on that. What do they say? They want you to be able to own firearms. Zultan is do you want people to be allowed to own firearms? Whatever they want, or are you going to restrict that freedom? And are you going to use your technocracy and your technocratic worldview to enforce that utilizing these technologies to restrict that freedom? That's the question. >> To upgrade humanity in this way, you would need real state power to enforce these enhancements and decide who gets them and to purge the obsolete who don't deserve them. That's real totalitarianism. Straight out of the novel 1984, Andrew lays out the Nazi and Aryan parallel and Zultan refuses to condemn all under the guise that he's running for governor. But we all really know what he's thinking at this point. >> No, no. What we need is diversity so that we can all rise up. You're trying to trap me in a question. contradiction. A contradiction. A contradiction is you can't have A and not A. So if I ask you if a thing is ethical or not ethical, you can't say it's both ethical and not ethical. That would be a logical contradiction. A and not A. So sir, >> I'm not answering that question whether it's ethical or not unethical at all. >> Why not? What are you saying? >> It's not a question that even applies to how transhumanism works. >> It exactly applies to how transhumanism works. You >> ask me 2 plus 2als 5. It just I can't make 2 plus 2= 5 work. We want to do whatever it is that we want to do, man. And the thing is is like within that confines of the 20%, if a bunch of genome scientists get together and make the Uber Mench and make designer babies and they're all 6'2 and they're all Aryan and they're all blonde hair and they're all blue-eyed and they all have the same strengths and characteristics of other people, they're just the most visually appealing from their preference, arbitrary preference base. >> What are they actually doing wrong from your view? Are they doing anything wrong or unethical? >> You know why AI or AI hallucinates? It's because things don't go that way. It's not like perfect mathematics. >> Bad faith evasion. Is it unethical to for these people to have an arbitrary metric that they come up with within the jumble of 20? We got to try everything, man. It's fine to have men who can get pregnant, have kids, but man, if we start talking about genetically altering people so they're blonde hair, blueeyed. That's really crossing a line, right? Last one, guys. Then we'll go into >> Come on, man. Just be honest with me. It's totally fine, right? Totally fine. >> It's not It's not a It's not a logical question for me. and he won't answer it all because he honestly knows that it exposes the endgame. Now, he admits not to be using real debate. Academia shields him. Now, Zultton has a degree in philosophy, which tells us likely one of two things. A, that he slept through his classes and is an intellectual [ __ ] or B, that he knows very well what he's doing, recognizes that most people don't operate very logically, and seeks to exploit manipulate via emotions instead. Now, this begs the question of how on earth the world has been duped to basically worship these guys like him and Elon Musk and their irrational agenda. This is where things start to get really fun and interesting and where nobody really goes because transhumanism as we know it today is actually a great great great grandson of ancient oultism. The part they don't want you to know is that this movement is nothing new, but rather an old spiritual quest to escape the human body, create life, and become divine, and to build an oracle. Early modern alchemy actually fantasized about manufacturing a human. Texts attributed to the medieval oultist Periclesis described something called homunculus, an artificial human-like being produced by alchemical means. This revived and repopularized the classical hermetic religion which aimed at the deification of mortals through apitheosis or a secret knowledge also known as nosis ornosticism. In the Alpius, a hermetic text, Hermas praises man as a great miracle who passes into the nature of God as though he were God. Now, this drive towards conjuring beings into existence was most prominent in medieval legends. Medieval legend credits figures like Roger Bacon, the 13th century English frier and philosopher, with creating a brazen head, a talking brass automaton designed to answer questions and foretell the truth. According to folklore in works like Robert Green's 1589 play Frier Bacon and Frier Bung, Bacon labored for 7 years with help from a demon to craft this mechanical oracle. The same obsession with creating consciousness is almost identical to today's obsession with AGI and the magical thinking that somehow adding more code to existing code will eventually hit some sort of breaking point and achieve consciousness even though mathematically impossible. Modern-day transhumanists like the ones who influence Elon Musk and the likes rebrand this impulse as the singularity. Ray Kurdzwell explicitly predicts a singularity where humans merge with machines and pins it around 2045. And even mainstream reporting notes how AI talk increasingly takes on religious and apocalyptic language with Peter Theel's cryptic comments on the Antichrist. Now, let's connect this to today's elite thinkers in big tech. Elon Musk raves about the singularity, a machine god fusion straight from Ray Kurtzwell. But Curtzwell draws from hermetic ideas of deification where man becomes divine through hidden wisdom echoing the corpus hermeticum's call to ascend to the father via intellect alone. Elon Musk even declared now that 2026 is the year of the singularity and that's just simply the case. And unfortunately millions will buy this astroturf nonsense. No logical demonstration just a grand emotional assertion meant to rattle up the masses. And Peter the no different. He's poured billions into immortality tech praising radical transformation in interviews. But his philosophy mirrors hermetic alchemy's great work transmuting base human matter into eternal gold. And it's not even like I'm making this stuff up or just drawing some parallels and similarities. This comes from the horse's mouth himself. In a 2016 interview on parabiosis, Peter Theiel says, quote, "I'm looking into parabiosis stuff where they inject the young blood into older mice and they found that had a massive rejuvenating effect. This is straight out of alchemical and oult traditions of vital essence transfer, elixir drawn from youth and the vampire-like pursuit of eternal vitality through the base young matter. Or from a recent 2025 discussion on radical life extension, he says, quote, "The ultimate aim is immortality. Humans must seize for immortality to appear." This hints at the alchemical dissolution solve before coagulation. Coagula, destroying the old form to birth the perfected immortal one. So, we're left with a diverging path for humanity. Are we going to continue making the same mistakes we did with the sexual revolution by siding with deranged perverts? Or are we going to repent of our sins and give our whole life to Christ our God? I mean, look at the fruits of these people's personal lives. These are just observations. Peter Theal and Sam Alman are both openly gay and married to other men. Elon Musk has agender child and Zolan wants to grow a womb and give birth to a child. How much more do you need before you're convinced that these people are demonically influenced lunatics? According to scripture, that kind of fruit simply doesn't come from a good tree with good spiritual life. I think this is a deciding moment in history. And don't allow these technocrats to astroturf you into believing that it's over for us and we have to simply give up and accept their agenda cuz it's too late. There's a reason why they're still pushing so hard, going all over podcast trying to convince you that their agenda is right and funding these movements with so much ferocity. And I think there is hope, especially among Gen Z, young men who are willing to wake up to this reality. The reason feminism, transhumanism, and materialism have worked up until now, is because there was tons of money and incentives behind it. And really, there still are. If you go along with the agenda, you will likely financially benefit, as you will not be a resistance to their system, and you'll probably live a simpler life. However, there is a trend in young men coming back to the church. a trend in young people realizing that material wealth is not actually that persuasive anymore because we really have it in the western world and yet we still have so much spiritual sickness, so much depression, so much anxiety and so much mental illness. Prescription medication use is through the roof. Marriage is declining, divorce rates are skyhigh, and young people are more depressed than ever. But young people are realizing something. They're having a realization that there is a higher metaphysical reality to the universe. And the tech elites are slowly realizing that convincing us with incentives like this won't work anymore like it did for the boomers. Transhumanism promises escape from death, limits, and despair. But Zolan's confession of I'm lost. I've asked for God reveals the truth. It's a foretaste of hell. >> I have found that through the war zones I covered, especially for National Geographic, I became very afraid of dying. And because I am somebody who does not believe in uh creator, I have chosen to dedicate my life to transhumanism. The number one goal of transhumanism is trying to overcome biological death with science and technology. >> The saints saw hell not just as fire, but eternal restlessness, unsatisfied longing. St. Augustine talks about perpetual misery and disordered love. This unending thirst for God that they rejected forever unquenched. And CS Lewis talks about souls clinging to petty desires, never really filled and always having this eternal itch. Transhumanism, well, it's the same torment, but given to us as a preview of hell. It's almost a sort of grace to be able to see what hell would be like. And maybe when people realize this, it will be a massive call to repentance for the whole world. The choice is yours. You can either chase shadows or turn to the light. Until next time, this is Lungs of Faith. And as always, don't negotiate with terrorists. They want to count me out. Next time take a higher number. Next time should run for cover. Next time let the giant slumber. They want to keep me down. 
